
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3506103000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 131102                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34213644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   232862                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     7.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              459309093                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000721                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1777525                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003506                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3506103000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            188830                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000721                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1777525                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      203473                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       99866                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1269337                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3506092                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3506092                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1305938                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1001066                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       167077                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       10952                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1763124                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1763124                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3294307                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1490113                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      203388                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        303176                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      99788                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7702      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1448594     81.49%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11298      0.64%     82.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.10%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.03%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.06%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.03%     82.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.12%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   202433     11.39%     94.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   94270      5.30%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.05%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1777537                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         3402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3402                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1341                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4743                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1918                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3079                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69445000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    183300000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69445000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    183300000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         7822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         7822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.360526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.393633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.360526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.393633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59361.313869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59814.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59532.315687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59361.313869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59814.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59532.315687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               75                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    110019000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    177142000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    110019000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    177142000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.360526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.393633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.360526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.393633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57361.313869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57814.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57532.315687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57361.313869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57814.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57532.315687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   746                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69445000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    183300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         7822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.360526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.393633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59361.313869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59814.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59532.315687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    110019000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177142000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.360526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.393633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57361.313869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57814.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57532.315687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1908.429594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.442359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    20.967040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1054.089267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   833.373287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.257346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.203460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.465925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.584717                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            12635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           12635                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1262641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1262641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1262641                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1262641                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6696                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6696                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    231888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    231888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    231888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    231888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1269337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1269337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1269337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1269337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34630.824373                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34630.824373                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34630.824373                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34630.824373                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    218496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    218496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32630.824373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32630.824373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32630.824373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32630.824373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6440                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1262641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1262641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    231888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    231888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1269337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1269337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34630.824373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34630.824373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    218496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32630.824373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32630.824373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.692316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  976516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                151.632919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.692316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.975361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1276033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1276033                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           75                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       201856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       201856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  201856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3454000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           16378500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          122752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           74304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              197056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       122752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         122752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         4800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             4800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            75                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  75                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           35010951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           21192760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               56203711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      35010951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          35010951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1369041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1369041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1369041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          35010951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          21192760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              57572752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        68.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1918.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1147.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003849242500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             2                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             2                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 7103                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  34                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3079                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          75                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3079                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        75                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      23380750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    15325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 80849500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7628.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26378.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2323                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       28                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 41.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3079                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    75                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     264.618667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    161.831800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    287.830467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           303     40.40%     40.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          183     24.40%     64.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           83     11.07%     75.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           48      6.40%     82.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           30      4.00%     86.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      2.93%     89.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      2.53%     91.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      1.33%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           52      6.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1434.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     314.944440                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1979.191881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  196160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   197056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  4800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         55.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      56.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3473538000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1101311.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       122752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        73408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         2304                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 35010950.904750943184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 20937205.780891206115                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 657139.850141310715                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1918                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1161                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           75                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     49944000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     30905500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  38280472000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26039.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26619.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 510406293.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2113440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1123320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             10203060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              104400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      276588000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         256693230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1130181120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1677006570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         478.310697                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2935595500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    117000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    453507500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3241560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1722930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11681040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               83520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      276588000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         474391620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         946856160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1714564830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.022949                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2456616750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    117000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    932486250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           297261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               297261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          299354                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              299354                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           3963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               3963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          3973                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              3973                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    136147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136721000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    136721000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       301224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           301224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       303327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          303327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34354.529397                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34354.529397                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34412.534609                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34412.534609                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2050                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2050                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    128223000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128223000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    128777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32355.034065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32355.034065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32413.038007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32413.038007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       3716                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     58930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23046.538913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23046.538913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     53818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21047.321079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21047.321079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          98448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              98448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77217000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77217000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99854                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          99854                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54919.630156                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54919.630156                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     74405000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74405000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014081                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014081                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52919.630156                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52919.630156                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.910662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  158085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  3716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.541712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.910662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                307299                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               307299                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2846                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          5320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7823                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    179179000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99649000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    278828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    179179000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    278828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.733246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.733246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33680.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39811.825809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35642.081043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33680.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39811.825809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35642.081043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1672                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1672                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94645000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    263184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94645000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    263184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31680.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37812.624850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33642.336699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31680.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37812.624850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33642.336699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8795                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    179179000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99649000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    278828000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.733246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33680.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39811.825809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35642.081043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168539000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94645000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263184000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31680.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37812.624850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33642.336699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.825385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.333712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    57.621241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   364.342392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    77.861753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.112541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.711606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.152074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22026                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22026                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10669                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10668                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2050                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         9995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        13392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   23387                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       385408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       428544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   813952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            33480000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             20919000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            19860000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3506103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6797351000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 145849                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   254858                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    13.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              495615992                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000268                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3495347                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006797                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6797351000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364466                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000268                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3495347                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      380221                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      200440                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2571402                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6797340                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6797340                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2507320                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1965963                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       321860                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16270                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3471309                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3471309                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6545329                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2944703                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      380136                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        580498                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     200362                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15502      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2858679     81.78%     82.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    33913      0.97%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.05%     83.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.02%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.03%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.02%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.06%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   379181     10.85%     94.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  194844      5.57%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.03%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3495359                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            9788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5445                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4343                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           9788                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1973                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1162                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    187070000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117559000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69511000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    187070000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         5505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         5505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.265975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.211081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.242591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.265975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.211081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.242591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59583.882413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59820.137694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59671.451356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59583.882413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59820.137694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59671.451356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           82                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               82                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67187000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    180800000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67187000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    180800000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.265975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.211081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.265975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.211081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57583.882413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57820.137694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57671.451356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57583.882413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57820.137694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57671.451356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   760                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           9788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    187070000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.265975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.211081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.242591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59583.882413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59820.137694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59671.451356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113613000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67187000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    180800000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.265975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.211081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57583.882413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57820.137694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57671.451356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2155.868491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.785526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.380168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1243.069627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   885.418696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.303484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.216167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.526335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.595947                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            19057                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           19057                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2562273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2562273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2562273                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2562273                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9129                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9129                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    280373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    280373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2571402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2571402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2571402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2571402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30712.345273                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30712.345273                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30712.345273                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30712.345273                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    262115000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    262115000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    262115000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    262115000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28712.345273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28712.345273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28712.345273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28712.345273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       8873                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2562273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2562273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280373000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    280373000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2571402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2571402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30712.345273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30712.345273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    262115000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262115000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28712.345273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28712.345273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.746469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2117876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  8873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                238.687704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.746469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2580531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2580531                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           82                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       205888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       205888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  205888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3545000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           16675750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          126272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           74368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              200640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       126272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         126272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         5248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             5248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            82                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  82                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           18576648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           10940733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               29517381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      18576648                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          18576648                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          772065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                772065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          772065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          18576648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          10940733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              30289447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        75.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1973.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1148.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008229914500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 8065                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  51                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3135                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          82                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3135                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        82                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      24235500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    15605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 82754250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7765.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26515.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2363                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       43                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 57.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3135                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    82                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     264.239272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    162.069073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    286.610117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           308     40.05%     40.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          191     24.84%     64.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           84     10.92%     75.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           49      6.37%     82.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           32      4.16%     86.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      2.99%     89.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      2.47%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      1.43%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           52      6.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     289.652974                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1558.921743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  199744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   200640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  5248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         29.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      29.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6239923000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1939671.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       126272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        73472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 18576648.462025869638                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 10808916.591183830053                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 508433.358818751585                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1973                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1162                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           82                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     51816250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     30938000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 105343781000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26262.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26624.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1284680256.10                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2127720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1130910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             10224480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              104400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      535966080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         305250390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2353129920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3207933900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         471.938833                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6114528000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    226720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    456103000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3362940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1787445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12059460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              177480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      535966080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         546024090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2150373120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3249750615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         478.090747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5584791500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    226720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    985839500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           568017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               568017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          571280                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              571280                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9369                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9369                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    229194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    229194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    229768000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    229768000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       577376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           577376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       580649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          580649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24489.154824                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24489.154824                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24524.282207                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24524.282207                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4354                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4354                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    210478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211032000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    211032000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22489.368522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22489.368522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22524.495677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22524.495677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9112                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          369571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              369571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    143329000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143329000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       376948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          376948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19429.171750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19429.171750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    128577000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128577000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17429.442863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17429.442863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         198446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             198446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1982                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1982                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     85865000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85865000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200428                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         200428                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.009889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43322.401615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43322.401615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     81901000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81901000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009889                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009889                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41322.401615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41322.401615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.343289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  245710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.965540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.343289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                590017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               590017                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3863                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5574                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12924                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    210047000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138752000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    348799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    210047000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138752000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    348799000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           18498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          18498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.698670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.698670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28315.853330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25200.145296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26988.471062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28315.853330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25200.145296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26988.471062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2933                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2933                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    127742000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    322953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195211000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    127742000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    322953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26315.853330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23200.508536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24988.625812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26315.853330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23200.508536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24988.625812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15139                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    210047000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138752000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    348799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          18498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.698670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28315.853330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25200.145296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26988.471062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195211000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    127742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    322953000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26315.853330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23200.508536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24988.625812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4354                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4354                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4354                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4354                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.720281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  21599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.426712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    34.770851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   422.866549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    48.082882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.067912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.825911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.093912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38503                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                18498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               18497                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4354                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   41349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       878208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       584256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1462464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            45645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             40268000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6797351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10228863000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 142307                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34217332                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   247931                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              482194729                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3018724                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5259356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010229                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10228863000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            541956                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3018724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5259356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      565289                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      314421                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3910738                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10228852                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10228852                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3731597                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2889923                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       475176                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21812                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5226917                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5226917                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9963704                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4432653                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      565205                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        879547                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     314342                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22523      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4292807     81.62%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    57725      1.10%     83.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.04%     83.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.02%     83.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.04%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   564250     10.73%     94.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  308824      5.87%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.02%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5259369                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           14884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7431                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7453                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          14884                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2293                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1204                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3497                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135647000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    207367000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135647000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71720000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    207367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.235808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.139078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.190251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.235808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.139078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.190251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59156.999564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59568.106312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59298.541607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59156.999564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59568.106312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59298.541607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           85                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               85                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131061000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200373000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131061000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.235808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.139078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.235808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.139078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57156.999564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57568.106312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57298.541607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57156.999564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57568.106312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57298.541607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   801                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          14884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135647000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71720000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    207367000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.235808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.139078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.190251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59156.999564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59568.106312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59298.541607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131061000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200373000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.235808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.139078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57156.999564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57568.106312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57298.541607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2266.244446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.498127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    28.596444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1332.158886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   905.489116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.325234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.221067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.553282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2764                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1534                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          872                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.674805                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            26185                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           26185                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3899059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3899059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3899059                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3899059                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          11679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              11679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         11679                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             11679                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    345299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    345299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    345299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    345299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3910738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3910738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3910738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3910738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29565.801867                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29565.801867                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29565.801867                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29565.801867                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    321941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    321941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27565.801867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27565.801867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27565.801867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27565.801867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      11423                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3899059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3899059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         11679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             11679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    345299000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    345299000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3910738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3910738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29565.801867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29565.801867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    321941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27565.801867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27565.801867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.837942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3657530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 11423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                320.189968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.837942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3922417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3922417                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3497                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3497                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           85                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       229248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       229248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  229248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3922000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18587000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          146752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           77056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              223808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       146752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         146752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         5440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             5440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            85                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  85                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           14346854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            7533193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               21880047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      14346854                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          14346854                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          531828                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                531828                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          531828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          14346854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           7533193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              22411875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        77.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2293.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1187.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008229914500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9668                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  51                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3497                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          85                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3497                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        85                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      25784000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 91034000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7409.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26159.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2675                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       43                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 55.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3497                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    85                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     277.176471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    168.971253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    295.943135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           315     38.60%     38.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          202     24.75%     63.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           86     10.54%     73.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           55      6.74%     80.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           37      4.53%     85.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      3.06%     88.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      2.70%     90.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      1.35%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           63      7.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     289.652974                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1558.921743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  222720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   223808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  5440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         21.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      21.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10070263000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2811352.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       146752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        75968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 14346853.604354659095                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 7426827.400073694065                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 337867.463861819240                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2293                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1204                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           85                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     59254750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31779250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 105343781000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25841.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26394.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1239338600.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2391900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1271325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12480720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              104400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      807022320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         406725780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3585377760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4815374205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         470.763388                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9317107000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    341380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    570376000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3434340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1825395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12366480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              177480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      807022320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         617211390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3408126720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4850164125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         474.164541                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8853984250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    341380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1033498750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           860381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               860381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          864695                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              864695                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15002                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15002                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    328454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329028000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    329028000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       875373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           875373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       879697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          879697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21908.617930                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21908.617930                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21932.275697                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21932.275697                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6784                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6784                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    298472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    298472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    299026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    299026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19908.751334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19908.751334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19932.409012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19932.409012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14745                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          548584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              548584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    230889000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    230889000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       560965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          560965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.022071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18648.655197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18648.655197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    206127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16648.655197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16648.655197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         311797                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             311797                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97565000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     97565000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       314408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         314408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.008304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37366.909230                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37366.909230                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92345000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92345000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35367.675220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35367.675220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.570018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  345131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.406646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.570018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                894698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               894698                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    257473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181853000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    439326000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    257473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181853000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    439326000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           26681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          26681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.688955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.688955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26478.095434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21004.042504                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23899.793276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26478.095434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21004.042504                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23899.793276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    164539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    402564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    164539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    402564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24478.095434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19004.273504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21899.902078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24478.095434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19004.273504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21899.902078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21930                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    257473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    439326000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          26681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.688955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26478.095434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21004.042504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23899.793276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    164539000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    402564000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24478.095434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19004.273504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21899.902078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.826960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  32683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.490333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    26.598562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   444.525948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    36.702450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.051950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.868215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.071684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                55907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               55907                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                26681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               26680                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6784                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   60145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1394240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       747456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2141696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            58395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            75005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10228863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13345976000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 144978                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   251686                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              483697240                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000132                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6944389                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013346                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13345976000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            711515                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000132                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6944389                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      739037                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      401382                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5156434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13345965                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13345965                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5001281                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3934186                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       630242                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       25542                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6902939                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6902939                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13096924                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5869511                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      738924                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1140222                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     401298                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 29536      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5692965     81.98%     82.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    74912      1.08%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.03%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   737969     10.63%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  395780      5.70%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6944402                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         8853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8853                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9422                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18275                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2513                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1236                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3749                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    221867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    221867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        22024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        22024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.221098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.170223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.221098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.170223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59075.208914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59394.012945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59180.314751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59075.208914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59394.012945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59180.314751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          127                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              127                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70939000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214369000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70939000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214369000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.221098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.221098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57075.208914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57394.012945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57180.314751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57075.208914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57394.012945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57180.314751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   981                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148456000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        22024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.221098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.170223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59075.208914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59394.012945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59180.314751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.221098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57075.208914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57394.012945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57180.314751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5287                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5287                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5287                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5287                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2411.656028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               8079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             8.235474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    34.111340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1457.286822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   920.257866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.008328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.355783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.224672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.588783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2891                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          665                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.705811                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            31183                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           31183                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5142943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5142943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5142943                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5142943                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13491                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13491                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    391411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    391411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    391411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    391411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5156434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5156434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5156434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5156434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29012.749240                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29012.749240                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29012.749240                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29012.749240                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    364431000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    364431000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    364431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    364431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27012.897487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27012.897487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27012.897487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27012.897487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13234                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5142943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5142943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    391411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    391411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5156434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5156434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29012.749240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29012.749240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    364431000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364431000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27012.897487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27012.897487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.342917                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4756137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                359.387713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.342917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5169924                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5169924                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3749                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3749                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          127                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       248064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       248064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  248064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4384000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           19919000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          160832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           79104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              239936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       160832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         160832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         8128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             8128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           127                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 127                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12050973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            5927180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               17978153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12050973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12050973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          609023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                609023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          609023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12050973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           5927180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              18587176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       113.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2513.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1218.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.017844022500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11014                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  85                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3749                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         127                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3749                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       127                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      27199750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    18655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 97156000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7290.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26040.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2882                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       72                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3749                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   127                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     282.057670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    172.339503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    297.283484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           327     37.72%     37.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          214     24.68%     62.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           93     10.73%     73.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      6.69%     79.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           43      4.96%     84.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      3.23%     88.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      2.88%     90.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.38%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           67      7.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      744.600000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     217.632015                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1188.629589                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              2     40.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  238784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     5760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   239936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  8128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         17.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      17.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12548139000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3237393.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       160832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        77952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         5760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12050973.267148088664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 5840861.694940856658                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 431590.765636023891                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2513                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1236                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          127                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     64740500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     32415500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 274741776500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25762.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26226.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 2163321074.80                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2506140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1332045                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13166160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              120060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1053492960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         476450460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4723633440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6270701265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         469.857076                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12275688000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    445640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    624648000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3684240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1958220                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             13473180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              349740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1053492960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         718330530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4519944960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6311233830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         472.894139                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11743489500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    445640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1156846500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1115179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1115179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1121692                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1121692                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          18698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              18698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         18714                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             18714                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    393678000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    393678000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394366000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    394366000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1133877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1133877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1140406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1140406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21054.551289                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21054.551289                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21073.314096                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21073.314096                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8452                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8452                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    356282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    356282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    356938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    356938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19054.551289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19054.551289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19073.314096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19073.314096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18458                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          716929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              716929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         15579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             15579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286607000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    286607000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       732508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          732508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18397.008794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18397.008794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255449000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    255449000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16397.008794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16397.008794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         398250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             398250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107071000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    107071000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       401369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         401369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34328.630971                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34328.630971                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    100833000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100833000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007771                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007771                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32328.630971                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32328.630971                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.137570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  616540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 33.402319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.137570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1159120                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1159120                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8056                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             22025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            22025                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291188000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    500681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291188000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    500681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           32205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          32205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.683900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.683900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25616.961379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19655.939201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22732.395006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25616.961379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19655.939201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22732.395006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5287                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5287                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268456000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188177000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    456633000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268456000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    456633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23617.137327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17655.939201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20732.485812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23617.137327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17655.939201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20732.485812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     26589                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            22025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291188000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    500681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          32205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.683900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25616.961379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19655.939201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22732.395006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268456000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    456633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23617.137327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17655.939201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20732.485812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8452                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8452                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8452                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8452                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.801624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                26589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.463500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    25.390637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   453.728852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    29.682135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.049591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.886189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.057973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                67758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               67758                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                32205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               32204                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        45880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        26981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   72861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1738624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       863360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2601984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            67450000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             74465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            93570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13345976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16596490000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 146224                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   253684                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    34.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              485292056                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000685                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8675731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016596                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16596490000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            888890                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000685                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8675731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      916664                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      502142                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6446937                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16596479                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16596479                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6248378                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4923353                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       788412                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       30402                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8625702                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8625702                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16368581                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7335002                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      916550                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1418608                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     502058                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 36016      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7118578     82.05%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    95775      1.10%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   915595     10.55%     94.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  496540      5.72%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8675744                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           22595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10512                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12083                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          22595                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2525                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1238                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3763                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73457000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    222635000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73457000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    222635000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        26358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        26358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.193680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.142765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.193680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.142765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59080.396040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59335.218094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59164.230667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59080.396040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59335.218094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59164.230667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          135                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              135                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144128000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70981000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215109000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70981000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215109000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.193680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.193680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57080.396040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57335.218094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57164.230667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57080.396040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57335.218094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57164.230667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   997                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          22595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73457000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    222635000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        26358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.193680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.142765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59080.396040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59335.218094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59164.230667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70981000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.193680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57080.396040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57335.218094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57164.230667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2506.081193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              10506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              997                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            10.537613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    37.310574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1540.288709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   928.481910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.009109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.376047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.226680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.611836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2895                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          560                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.706787                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            36764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           36764                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6431474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6431474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6431474                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6431474                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    428391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    428391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6446937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6446937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27704.261786                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27704.261786                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27704.261786                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27704.261786                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    397465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    397465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    397465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    397465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25704.261786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25704.261786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25704.261786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25704.261786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15207                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6431474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6431474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    428391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6446937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27704.261786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27704.261786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    397465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    397465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25704.261786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25704.261786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.667466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6064885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                398.821924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.667466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6462400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6462400                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3763                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3763                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       249472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       249472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  249472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4438000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           19993750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          161600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           79232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              240832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       161600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         161600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         8640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             8640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2525                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3763                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           135                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 135                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            9736999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            4774021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               14511020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       9736999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           9736999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          520592                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                520592                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          520592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           9736999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           4774021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              15031612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       117.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2525.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1218.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.017844022500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11880                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  85                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3763                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         135                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3763                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       135                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      27296000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    18715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 97477250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7292.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26042.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2887                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       72                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3763                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   135                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     280.677346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    171.600461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    296.515045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           330     37.76%     37.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          218     24.94%     62.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           93     10.64%     73.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      6.64%     79.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           43      4.92%     84.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      3.20%     88.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      2.86%     90.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.37%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           67      7.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      744.600000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     217.632015                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1188.629589                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              2     40.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  239552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     5760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   240832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  8640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         14.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      14.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16342484000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     4192530.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       161600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        77952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         5760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 9736998.606331821531                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 4696896.753470161930                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 347061.336463312444                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2525                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1238                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          135                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     65061750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     32415500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 274741776500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25767.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26183.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 2035124270.37                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2506140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1332045                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13166160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              120060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1309797840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         523275390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5932399200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7782596835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         468.930288                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15417782000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    554060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    624648000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3734220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1984785                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             13558860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              349740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1309797840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         777772410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5718085920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7825283775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         471.502334                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14857815250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    554060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1184614750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1387521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1387521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1395168                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1395168                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23625                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23625                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    478038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    478726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1411130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1411130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1418793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1418793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20248.125715                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20248.125715                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20263.534392                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20263.534392                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10582                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10582                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    430822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    431478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    431478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18248.210428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18248.210428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18263.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18263.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23368                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          889072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              889072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    362515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       909001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          909001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18190.325656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18190.325656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    322659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    322659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16190.426012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16190.426012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         498449                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             498449                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115523000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    115523000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       502129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         502129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31392.119565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31392.119565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108163000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108163000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29392.119565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29392.119565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.502337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  708083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.301395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.502337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1442417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1442417                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               12729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              12729                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             26359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            26359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    313609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    244154000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    557763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    313609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    244154000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    557763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.674350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.674350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24055.304134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18327.128059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21160.248871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24055.304134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18327.128059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21160.248871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6514                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6514                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    287535000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    217512000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    505047000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    287535000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    217512000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    505047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22055.304134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16327.278186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19160.324747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22055.304134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16327.278186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19160.324747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     32142                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              12729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            26359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    313609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    244154000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    557763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.674350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24055.304134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18327.128059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21160.248871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    287535000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    217512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    505047000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22055.304134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16327.278186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19160.324747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.428043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  48255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                32142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.501307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.933998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   461.719445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    24.774601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.044793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.901796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.048388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                82324                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               82324                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39088                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39087                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10582                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        30926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   88757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2189184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       989632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3178816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            77315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             91998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16596490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19895484000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 146857                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   253572                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    41.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              485261528                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6021035                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10396322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019895                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19895484000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1056031                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6021035                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10396322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1102309                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      586210                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7767133                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19895473                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19895473                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7506605                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5993869                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       938890                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       34256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10334835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10334835                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19575045                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8812220                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1102167                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1688287                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     586120                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 46086      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8540296     82.15%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   114899      1.11%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1101212     10.59%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  580602      5.58%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10396335                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        13060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        13060                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14288                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27348                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2592                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1250                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3842                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153085000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     74344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    227429000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153085000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     74344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    227429000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        31190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        31190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.165602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.080448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.123181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.165602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.080448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.123181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59060.570988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59475.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59195.471109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59060.570988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59475.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59195.471109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          193                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              193                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    219745000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    219745000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.165602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.080448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.165602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.080448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57060.570988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57475.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57195.471109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57060.570988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57475.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57195.471109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1122                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        13060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153085000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     74344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    227429000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        31190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.165602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.080448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.123181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59060.570988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59475.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59195.471109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219745000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.165602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.080448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57060.570988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57475.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57195.471109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2570.777451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              13096                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            11.672014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    39.567349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1596.485579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   934.724523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.009660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.389767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.228204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.627631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2899                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2642                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.707764                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            42637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           42637                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7748761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7748761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7748761                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7748761                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          18372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              18372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         18372                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             18372                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    486257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    486257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7767133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7767133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7767133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7767133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26467.287176                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26467.287176                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26467.287176                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26467.287176                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449515000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    449515000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449515000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    449515000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24467.396037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24467.396037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24467.396037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24467.396037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      18115                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7748761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7748761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         18372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             18372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    486257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7767133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7767133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26467.287176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26467.287176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449515000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    449515000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24467.396037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24467.396037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.888422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7526108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 18115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                415.462766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.888422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7785504                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7785504                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       258240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       258240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  258240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4807000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20412500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          165888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           80000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              245888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       165888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         165888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        12352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            12352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8337973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            4021013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               12358986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8337973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8337973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          620844                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                620844                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          620844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8337973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           4021013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              12979830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       175.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1229.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.017844022500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             8                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             8                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12942                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 136                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3842                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         193                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3842                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       193                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      28006750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    19105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 99650500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7329.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26079.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2948                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      118                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 67.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3842                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   193                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     282.269188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    172.838770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    296.944340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           336     37.37%     37.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          225     25.03%     62.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           98     10.90%     73.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      6.45%     79.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           44      4.89%     84.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      3.34%     87.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      3.00%     90.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.33%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           69      7.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      475.625000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      99.326046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     972.189567                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              5     62.50%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1     12.50%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1     12.50%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1     12.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  244544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     9216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   245888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 12352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         12.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      12.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19791741000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     4905016.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       165888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        78656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         9216                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8337972.577093373984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 3953459.991222128272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 463220.698727409646                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2592                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1250                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          193                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     66738000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     32912500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 474318791500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25747.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26330.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 2457610318.65                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2506140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1332045                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13166160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              120060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1570405200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         570886350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7159119840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9317535795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         468.324158                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18606536000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    664300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    624648000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3912720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2079660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14115780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              631620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1570405200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         851001450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6923233440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9365379870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         470.728929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17990177500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    664300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1241006500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1650113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1650113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1660994                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1660994                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         27512                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             27512                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    545692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    545692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    546803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1677598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1677598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1688506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1688506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19854.175005                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19854.175005                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19875.072696                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19875.072696                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    490722000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    490722000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    491779000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    491779000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17854.175005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17854.175005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17875.072696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17875.072696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      27256                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1068054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1068054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         23347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             23347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    422563000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    422563000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1091401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1091401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18099.241873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18099.241873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375869000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    375869000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16099.241873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16099.241873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         582059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             582059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123129000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    123129000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       586197                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         586197                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007059                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007059                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29755.679072                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29755.679072                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    114853000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114853000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27755.679072                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27755.679072                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.750674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  957036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 27256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.112856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.750674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1716018                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1716018                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11974                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    273838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    625215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    273838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    625215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.679779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.679779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22447.901361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17623.761102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20044.724440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22447.901361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17623.761102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20044.724440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    320073000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242762000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    562835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    320073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242762000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562835000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20448.029132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15623.761102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18044.788561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20448.029132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15623.761102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18044.788561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     37885                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    273838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    625215000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.679779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22447.901361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17623.761102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20044.724440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    320073000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242762000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    562835000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20448.029132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15623.761102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18044.788561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.854515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                37885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.518701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.280756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   465.846505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    21.727254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.043517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.909856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.042436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                96562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               96562                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45884                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  104048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2546752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1175744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3722496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            91855000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            107289000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           137560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19895484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23135761000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 146561                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   253424                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              484397820                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12103975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023136                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23135761000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1235007                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12103975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1268753                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      699425                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9037357                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23135761                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23135761                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8715660                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             6871937                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1094122                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       40518                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12034729                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12034729                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22871357                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10244459                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1268611                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1967946                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     699335                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 52091      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9937749     82.10%     82.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   139435      1.15%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267656     10.47%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  693817      5.73%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12103988                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           32863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15091                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17772                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          32863                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2597                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1251                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3848                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153359000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     74367000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    227726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153359000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     74367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    227726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.065762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.104819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.065762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.104819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59052.368117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59446.043165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59180.353430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59052.368117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59446.043165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59180.353430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          198                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              198                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148165000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    220030000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148165000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    220030000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.065762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.065762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57052.368117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57446.043165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57180.353430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57052.368117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57446.043165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57180.353430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1135                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          32863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153359000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     74367000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    227726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.065762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.104819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59052.368117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59446.043165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59180.353430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148165000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    220030000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.065762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57052.368117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57446.043165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57180.353430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2616.746631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              45673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            11.322013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    41.116166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1636.550431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   939.080034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.010038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.399548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.229268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.638854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2899                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.707764                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            49707                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           49707                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9016734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9016734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9016734                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9016734                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20623                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20623                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    528449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528449000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    528449000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9037357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9037357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25624.254473                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25624.254473                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25624.254473                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25624.254473                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487203000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    487203000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487203000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    487203000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23624.254473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23624.254473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23624.254473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23624.254473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20367                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9016734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9016734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    528449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9037357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25624.254473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25624.254473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487203000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    487203000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23624.254473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23624.254473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.044104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9037357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                438.217379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.044104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9057980                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9057980                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       258944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       258944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  258944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4838000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20444000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          166208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           80064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              246272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       166208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         166208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        12672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            12672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           198                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 198                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7184030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            3460617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               10644647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7184030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7184030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          547724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                547724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          547724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7184030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           3460617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              11192370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       180.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2597.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1229.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.017844022500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             9                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             9                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13789                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 153                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3848                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         198                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3848                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       198                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      28020500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    19130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 99758000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7323.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26073.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2952                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      134                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3848                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   198                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     282.962306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    173.348140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    297.156970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           336     37.25%     37.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          225     24.94%     62.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          100     11.09%     73.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      6.43%     79.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           44      4.88%     84.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      3.33%     87.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      2.99%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      1.44%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           69      7.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            9                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      424.777778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      82.156507                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     922.104899                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              6     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1     11.11%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1     11.11%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1     11.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              9                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            9                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 9    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              9                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  244864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    10368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   246272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 12672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         10.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      10.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21056459000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     5204265.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       166208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        78656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        10368                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7184029.952591573820                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 3399758.495084730443                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 448137.409441599913                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2597                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1251                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          198                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     66845500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     32912500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 491831468500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25739.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26308.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 2483997315.66                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2506140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1332045                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13166160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              120060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1826095440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         617598990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8364048960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10824867795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         467.884665                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21738653000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    772460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    624648000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3934140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2091045                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14151480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              725580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1826095440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         899360820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8126775840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10873134345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         469.970897                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21118669000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    772460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1244632000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1923418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1923418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1934299                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1934299                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          33839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              33839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         33866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             33866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    654994000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    654994000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    656105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    656105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1957257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1957257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1968165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1968165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19356.186649                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19356.186649                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19373.560503                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19373.560503                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         33839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    587316000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    587316000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    588373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    588373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17356.186649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17356.186649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17373.560503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17373.560503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33610                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1228849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1228849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         28996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             28996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    521257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    521257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1257845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1257845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17976.858877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17976.858877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    463265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    463265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15976.858877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15976.858877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         694569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             694569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133737000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    133737000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.006924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27614.495148                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27614.495148                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    124051000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124051000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006924                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006924                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25614.495148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25614.495148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.925648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1968165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 33866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 58.116252                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.925648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2002031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2002031                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14843                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17778                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         19023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    378109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    697273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    378109000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319164000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    697273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           54489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          54489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.673732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.673732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21376.582994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16777.795300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18993.571409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21376.582994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16777.795300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18993.571409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    342733000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281118000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    623851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    342733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281118000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    623851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19376.582994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14777.795300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16993.571409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19376.582994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14777.795300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16993.571409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     44939                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    378109000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319164000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    697273000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          54489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.673732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21376.582994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16777.795300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18993.571409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    342733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281118000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    623851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19376.582994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14777.795300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16993.571409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.155001                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  69508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.529295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    21.924749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   468.675232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    19.555020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.042822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.915381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.038193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               114959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              114959                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                54489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               54489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  123997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3128640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1319872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4448512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           103115000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            129584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           169330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23135761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
