
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3984600000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 115668                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34262588                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   219524                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              460856250                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000024                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1897984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003985                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3984600000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            223657                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1897984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      224662                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            81                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      144211                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1309643                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           177                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3984589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3984589                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1153911                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              616673                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       165985                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  24024                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         24024                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                38683                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               19045                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       38890                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1874791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1874791                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3674306                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1506926                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      224364                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        368510                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     144146                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7478      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1502910     79.18%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      314      0.02%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       217      0.01%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      77      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     9070      0.48%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      138      0.01%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4544      0.24%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    4704      0.25%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   219921     11.59%     92.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  143441      7.56%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4443      0.23%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                705      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1897999                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            8765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6929                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1836                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           8765                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2302                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1872                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4174                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    139919000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    257018000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    139919000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    257018000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.249377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.322591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.249377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.322591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60781.494353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62552.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61575.946334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60781.494353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62552.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61575.946334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          122                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              122                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135315000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135315000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113355000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248670000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.249377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.249377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58781.494353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60552.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59575.946334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58781.494353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60552.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59575.946334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   991                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           8765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    139919000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117099000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    257018000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.249377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.322591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60781.494353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62552.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61575.946334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135315000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248670000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.249377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58781.494353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60552.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59575.946334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2327.013017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.524723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    23.901726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1237.822195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1065.289096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.002918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.151101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.130040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.284059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2819                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.395874                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            19902                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           19902                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1295667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1295667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1295667                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1295667                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13976                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13976                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    382205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    382205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    382205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    382205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1309643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1309643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27347.238122                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27347.238122                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27347.238122                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27347.238122                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    354253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    354253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    354253000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    354253000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25347.238122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25347.238122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25347.238122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25347.238122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13720                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1295667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1295667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    382205000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    382205000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1309643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27347.238122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27347.238122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    354253000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    354253000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25347.238122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25347.238122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.815494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1213720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 88.463557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.815494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.983654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1323619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1323619                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       274944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       274944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  274944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4784000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22324000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          147328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          119808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              267136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       147328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         147328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           36974351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           30067761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               67042112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      36974351                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          36974351                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1959544                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1959544                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1959544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          36974351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          30067761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              69001656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       121.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2302.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1868.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003201458500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9479                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 100                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4174                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         122                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4174                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       122                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14                72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      39669750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                117857250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9513.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28263.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2723                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       87                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4174                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   122                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     186.841530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    137.437107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    177.066958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           558     38.11%     38.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          508     34.70%     72.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          238     16.26%     89.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           67      4.58%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           34      2.32%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      1.50%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.89%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.27%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           20      1.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      694.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     211.636388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1296.797697                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.650097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.816497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1     16.67%     16.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 5     83.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  266880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     6784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   267136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  7808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         66.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      67.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3981448000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      926780.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       147328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       119552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         6784                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 36974351.252321444452                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 30003513.527079258114                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1702554.836119058542                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2302                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1872                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          122                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     63157250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     54700000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  66371647500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27435.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29220.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 544029897.54                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3919860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2083455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             10824240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              140940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      314081040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         757940970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         891820320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1980810825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.116605                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2310947000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    132860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1540793000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6547380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3472425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             18949560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              412380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      314081040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1009966470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         679588320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2033017575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         510.218736                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1757180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    132860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2094560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           359957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               359957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          360032                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              360032                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8826                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8826                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    260769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    260769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       368783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           368783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       368858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          368858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29545.547247                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29545.547247                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29545.547247                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29545.547247                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4335                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4335                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    243119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    243119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    243119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    243119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27545.773850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27545.773850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27545.773850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27545.773850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8569                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          218597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              218597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          5990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              5990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126582000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126582000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       224587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          224587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21132.220367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21132.220367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    114604000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114604000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19132.554257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19132.554257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         141360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             141360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134187000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134187000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       144196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         144196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47315.585331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47315.585331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    128515000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128515000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019668                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019668                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45315.585331                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45315.585331                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.777904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  338829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.541253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.777904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.971789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.971789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                377683                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               377683                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9862                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    255318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    416877000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    255318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161559000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    416877000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           22802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          22802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.567494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.567494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27658.758531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43558.641143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32216.151468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27658.758531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43558.641143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32216.151468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    236856000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154143000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    390999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    236856000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154143000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    390999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25658.758531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41559.180372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30216.306028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25658.758531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41559.180372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30216.306028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     14800                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    255318000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    416877000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          22802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.567494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27658.758531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43558.641143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32216.151468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    236856000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154143000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    390999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25658.758531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41559.180372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30216.306028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              500.201665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  24594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                14800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.661757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    89.394687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.133327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   164.673651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.174599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.480729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.321628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                42449                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               42449                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                22802                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               22801                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4335                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   49938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       842240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       894464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1736704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             44477000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            44125000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3984600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7757654000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116608                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34263928                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   218817                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              452191773                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000467                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3753947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007758                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7757654000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            446298                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000467                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3753947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      468436                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      271222                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2600713                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7757643                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7757643                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2304360                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1247663                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       335300                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41819                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41819                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                67125                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               33216                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       71600                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3713499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3713499                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7308226                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2994959                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467935                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        739025                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     271090                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12548      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2969376     79.10%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      438      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       322      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     151      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    15174      0.40%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      276      0.01%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8146      0.22%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8445      0.22%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  54      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   459947     12.25%     92.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  270122      7.20%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7988      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                968      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3753971                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           19670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15187                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4483                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          19670                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2738                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2625                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5363                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168862000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    164754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    333616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168862000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    164754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    333616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        25033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        25033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.152748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.369302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.214237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.152748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.369302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.214237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61673.484295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62763.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62206.973709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61673.484295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62763.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62206.973709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          267                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              267                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159504000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    322890000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159504000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    322890000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.152748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.369302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.152748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.369302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59673.484295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60763.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60206.973709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59673.484295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60763.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60206.973709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1853                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          19670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    164754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    333616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        25033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.152748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.369302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.214237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61673.484295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62763.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62206.973709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    322890000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.152748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.369302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59673.484295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60763.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60206.973709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2931.971537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.228818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    29.385672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1403.126489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1499.459376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.171280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.183039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.357907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3685                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.449829                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            35286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           35286                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2572112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2572112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2572112                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2572112                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          28601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              28601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         28601                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             28601                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    664738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    664738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    664738000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    664738000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2600713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2600713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23241.774763                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23241.774763                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23241.774763                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23241.774763                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         28601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    607536000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    607536000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    607536000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    607536000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21241.774763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21241.774763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21241.774763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21241.774763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28345                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2572112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2572112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         28601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             28601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    664738000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    664738000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2600713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23241.774763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23241.774763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    607536000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    607536000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21241.774763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21241.774763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.850693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2453937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.573893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.850693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2629314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2629314                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        10993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       360320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       360320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  360320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6698000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           28717500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          175232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          168000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              343232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       175232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         175232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        17088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            17088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           267                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 267                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22588272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           21656032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               44244304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22588272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22588272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2202728                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2202728                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2202728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22588272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          21656032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              46447032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       222.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2738.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2597.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004115805750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            11                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            11                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12923                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 185                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5363                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         267                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5363                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       267                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     45                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      54977250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    26675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                155008500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10305.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29055.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3293                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      164                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5363                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   267                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     170.728413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    126.603241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    163.519579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           898     43.32%     43.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          687     33.14%     76.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          297     14.33%     90.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           85      4.10%     94.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           42      2.03%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      1.16%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.72%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.19%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           21      1.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      479.090909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     193.411577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     954.695706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              4     36.36%     36.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3     27.27%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      9.09%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2     18.18%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      9.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.818182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.808292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.603023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1      9.09%      9.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                10     90.91%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  341440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    12544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   343232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 17088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         44.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      44.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7755549000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1377539.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       175232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       166208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        12544                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22588272.176098600030                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 21425033.908447064459                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1616983.691203552065                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2738                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2625                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          267                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     77532000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     77476500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 146588485000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28317.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29514.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 549020543.07                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5683440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3020820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             14672700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              422820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      612181440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1283021550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1898500320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3817503090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.095044                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4922670000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    258960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2576024000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9124920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4846215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             23419200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              600300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      612181440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1586417160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1643009280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3879598515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         500.099452                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4255357750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    258960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3243336250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           722708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               722708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         16851                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             16851                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    441075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    441075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       739559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           739559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       739634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          739634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26175.004451                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26175.004451                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26175.004451                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26175.004451                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7446                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7446                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    407375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    407375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    407375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    407375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24175.123138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24175.123138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24175.123138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24175.123138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16594                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          456585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              456585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    231653000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    231653000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          468361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19671.620245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19671.620245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208103000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    208103000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17671.790082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17671.790082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         266123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             266123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5075                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5075                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209422000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    209422000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       271198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         271198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41265.418719                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41265.418719                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    199272000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199272000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018713                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018713                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39265.418719                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39265.418719                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.290481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  700280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.200795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.290481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                756484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               756484                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               20418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              20418                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25034                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    396411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    648319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    396411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    648319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.550779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.550779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22114.979079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35435.082290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25897.539346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22114.979079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35435.082290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25897.539346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    237692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    598253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    237692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    598253000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20114.979079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33435.363624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23897.619238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20114.979079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33435.363624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23897.619238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     28614                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              20418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            25034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    396411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    648319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.550779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22114.979079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35435.082290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25897.539346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    237692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    598253000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20114.979079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33435.363624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23897.619238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.939966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                28614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.758999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    76.761078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   247.591742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   181.587145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.149924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.483578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.354662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                82024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               82024                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7446                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   98349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1554944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1830464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3385408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           143005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             82682000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            84250000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7757654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11618422000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120518                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34264464                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   225040                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              466713390                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5602147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011618                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11618422000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            663189                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5602147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      692387                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      418160                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            77                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3912749                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           179                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11618411                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11618411                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3411540                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1861756                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       498332                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  54853                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         54853                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                88114                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               43718                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      100834                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5546454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5546454                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10948334                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4464809                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      691678                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1109633                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     417955                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17736      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4431323     79.10%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      620      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       406      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     222      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20300      0.36%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      282      0.01%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    10526      0.19%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10985      0.20%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 129      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   681279     12.16%     92.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  416762      7.44%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               10399      0.19%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1193      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5602178                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        26833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           34152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        26833                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7319                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          34152                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3007                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3145                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6152                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    383939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186601000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    383939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        40304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        40304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.152640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.152640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62055.537080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62746.581876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62408.810143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62055.537080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62746.581876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62408.810143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          345                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              345                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    180587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    191048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    371635000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    180587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    191048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    371635000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60055.537080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60746.581876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60408.810143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60055.537080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60746.581876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60408.810143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2289                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        26833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          34152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    383939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        40304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.152640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62055.537080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62746.581876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62408.810143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    180587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    191048000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    371635000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60055.537080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60746.581876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60408.810143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3254.162705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              10893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2289                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.758847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    31.879208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1426.569502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1795.713995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.174142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.219203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.397237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1708                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.501343                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            52974                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           52974                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3864594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3864594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3864594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3864594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          48155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              48155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         48155                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             48155                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1023174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1023174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1023174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1023174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3912749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3912749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21247.513239                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21247.513239                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21247.513239                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21247.513239                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         48155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    926866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    926866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    926866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    926866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19247.554771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19247.554771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19247.554771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19247.554771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      47898                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3864594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3864594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         48155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             48155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1023174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1023174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3912749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21247.513239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21247.513239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    926866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    926866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19247.554771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19247.554771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.564901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3664782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 47898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.512213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.564901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3960903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3960903                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       415808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       415808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  415808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7877000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           32967750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          192448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          201280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              393728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       192448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         192448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        22080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            22080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           345                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 345                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16564039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17324211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               33888251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16564039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16564039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1900430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1900430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1900430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16564039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17324211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              35788681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       272.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3007.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3109.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006781402750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            14                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            14                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15555                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 236                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6152                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         345                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6152                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       345                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     73                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      64393750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    30580000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                179068750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10528.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29278.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3650                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      210                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6152                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   345                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     162.579409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    120.776019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    157.767699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1170     46.69%     46.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          794     31.68%     78.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          325     12.97%     91.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          102      4.07%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           46      1.84%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      1.04%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           16      0.64%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.24%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           21      0.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      426.928571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     193.428776                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     846.846682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              5     35.71%     35.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4     28.57%     64.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      7.14%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3     21.43%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      7.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           14                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.857143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.849200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.534522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1      7.14%      7.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                13     92.86%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             14                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  391424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    16000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   393728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 22080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         33.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      33.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11603598000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1785993.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       192448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       198976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        16000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16564039.419466774911                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17125905.738317992538                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1377123.330517689930                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3007                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3145                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          345                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     86277250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     92791500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 215016617500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28692.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29504.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 623236572.46                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5990460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3184005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             15022560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              542880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      917042880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1411352490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3272966880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5626102155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.239784                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8494662750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    387920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2735839250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11902380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6326265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             28645680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              762120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      917042880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2237359440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2577382080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5779420845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         497.435955                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6677476500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    387920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4553025500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1086700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1086700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1086775                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1086775                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23741                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23741                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    589547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    589547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    589547000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    589547000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1110441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1110441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1110516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1110516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24832.441767                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24832.441767                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24832.441767                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24832.441767                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10200                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10200                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542065000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    542065000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542065000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    542065000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22832.441767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22832.441767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22832.441767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22832.441767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23485                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          675406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              675406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         16906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             16906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324630000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    324630000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       692312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          692312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19202.058441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19202.058441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    290818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    290818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17202.058441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17202.058441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         411294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             411294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264917000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    264917000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       418129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         418129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38758.888076                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38758.888076                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251247000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    251247000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36758.888076                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36758.888076                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.523144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1028860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 43.809240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.523144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1134257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1134257                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               31591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              31591                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40305                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    568507000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327080000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    895587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    568507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327080000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    895587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           71896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          71896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.560601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.560601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19051.204718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31257.645260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22220.245627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19051.204718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31257.645260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22220.245627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    508827000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    306152000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    814979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    508827000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    306152000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    814979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17051.271740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29257.645260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20220.295249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17051.271740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29257.645260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20220.295249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     45175                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              31591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    568507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    895587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          71896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.560601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19051.204718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31257.645260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22220.245627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    508827000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    306152000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    814979000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17051.271740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29257.645260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20220.295249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.953698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.730980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.846580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.088602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   181.018516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.144232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.494314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.353552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               127783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              127783                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                71896                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               71895                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10200                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        96309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  153991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2172224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3081856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5254080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           240770000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            122896000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11618422000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15454689000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123385                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34265052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   230352                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    32.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              476694639                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000185                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7468117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015455                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15454689000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            890774                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7468117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      937156                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            97                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      549238                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5204945                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15454678                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15454678                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4543880                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2481240                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       668008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  69480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         69480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               111465                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               55377                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      136634                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7397801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7397801                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14603538                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5957286                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      936291                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1485274                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     548983                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22869      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5904877     79.07%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      773      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       532      0.01%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     282      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    25590      0.34%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      356      0.00%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13406      0.18%     79.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14025      0.19%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 156      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923015     12.36%     92.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  547595      7.33%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               13276      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1388      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7468156                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        37023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        11782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           48805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        37023                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        11782                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          48805                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3308                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3809                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7117                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207070000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    446978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207070000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    446978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        55922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        55922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.082021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.244308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.127267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.082021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.244308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.127267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62596.735187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62984.510370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62804.271463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62596.735187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62984.510370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62804.271463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          370                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              370                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    200454000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232290000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    432744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    200454000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    432744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.082021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.244308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.082021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.244308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60596.735187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60984.510370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60804.271463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60596.735187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60984.510370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60804.271463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2761                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        37023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        11782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          48805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207070000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    446978000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        55922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.082021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.244308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.127267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62596.735187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62984.510370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62804.271463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    200454000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232290000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    432744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.082021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.244308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60596.735187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60984.510370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60804.271463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3529.057790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              15384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2761                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.571894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    32.633393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1433.827266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2062.597131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.175028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.251782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.430793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4612                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3002                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562988                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            72072                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           72072                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5140947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5140947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5140947                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5140947                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          63998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              63998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         63998                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             63998                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1322962000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1322962000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1322962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1322962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5204945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5204945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20671.927248                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20671.927248                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20671.927248                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20671.927248                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         63998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1194966000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1194966000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1194966000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1194966000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18671.927248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18671.927248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18671.927248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18671.927248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      63742                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5140947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5140947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         63998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             63998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1322962000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1322962000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5204945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20671.927248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20671.927248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1194966000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1194966000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18671.927248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18671.927248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.921131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4863135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 63742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.294045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.921131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5268943                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5268943                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       479168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       479168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  479168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8967000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           38162750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          211712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          243776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              455488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       211712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         211712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        23680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            23680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3809                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           370                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 370                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13698885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           15773595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               29472479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13698885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13698885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1532221                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1532221                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1532221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13698885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          15773595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              31004700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       293.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3308.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3771.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007411640500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            15                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            15                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                18490                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 253                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7117                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         370                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7117                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       370                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      38                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     77                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      77181000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    35395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                209912250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10902.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29652.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4110                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      225                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7117                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   370                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     156.142145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    117.169671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    151.036907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1443     47.92%     47.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          971     32.25%     80.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          358     11.89%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          110      3.65%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           56      1.86%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           29      0.96%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           17      0.56%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.20%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           21      0.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      424.866667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     202.892514                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     816.080954                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              5     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4     26.67%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      6.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4     26.67%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      6.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.866667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.859214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.516398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1      6.67%      6.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                14     93.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  453056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    17152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   455488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 23680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         29.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      29.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15450873000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2063693.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       211712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       241344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        17152                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13698884.526243135333                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 15616231.423356367275                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1109824.985802043695                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3308                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3809                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          370                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     96683250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    113229000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 250266736500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29227.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29726.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 676396585.14                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6597360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3502785                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             16250640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              542880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1219445760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1629318780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4562543040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7438201245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.290904                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11845044500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    515840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3093804500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14908320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7923960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             34293420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              856080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1219445760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2923120170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3473026080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7673573790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         496.520751                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8998903500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    515840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5939945500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1452106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1452106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1452181                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1452181                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          34174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              34174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         34174                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             34174                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    807851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    807851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    807851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    807851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1486280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1486280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1486355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1486355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23639.345701                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23639.345701                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23639.345701                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23639.345701                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13820                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13820                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         34174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    739505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    739505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    739505000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    739505000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21639.404225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21639.404225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21639.404225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21639.404225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33917                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          911647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              911647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    479356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       937081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          937081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.027142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18847.055123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18847.055123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    428488000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    428488000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16847.055123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16847.055123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         540459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             540459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328495000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    328495000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       549199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         549199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37585.240275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37585.240275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    311017000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    311017000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35585.469108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35585.469108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.137966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1408082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 33917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.515523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.137966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1520528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1520528                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           23667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               42249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          23667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              42249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         40331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             55923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            55923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    724757000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    434973000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1159730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    724757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    434973000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1159730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           98172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          98172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.569643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.569643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17970.221418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27897.190867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20737.979007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17970.221418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27897.190867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20737.979007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    644095000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403791000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047886000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    644095000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403791000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15970.221418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25897.319138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18738.014770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15970.221418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25897.319138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18738.014770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     63003                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          23667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              42249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            55923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    724757000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    434973000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1159730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          98172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.569643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17970.221418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27897.190867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20737.979007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    644095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047886000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15970.221418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25897.319138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18738.014770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.958098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 108216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                63003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.717632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.829842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.436513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   182.691744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.142246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.494993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.356820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               175507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              175507                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                98172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               98171                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       127996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  210163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3071552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4095872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7167424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           319990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            167272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           170865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15454689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19279947000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 127033                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34266092                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   237841                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    39.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              489830262                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000044                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9361506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019280                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19279947000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1126928                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000044                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9361506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1203540                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           121                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      671094                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6481611                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           182                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19279936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19279936                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5679201                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3095363                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       839531                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  86761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         86761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               138948                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69080                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      180928                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9274061                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9274061                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18298987                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7474583                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1202403                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873191                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     670788                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28811      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7390929     78.95%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      865      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       609      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     337      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    31426      0.34%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      494      0.01%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16986      0.18%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17715      0.19%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 175      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1185586     12.66%     92.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  669209      7.15%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               16817      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1579      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9361554                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        45105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           62839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        45105                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17734                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          62839                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3552                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4605                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8157                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    290485000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    513290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    290485000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    513290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        70996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        70996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.206142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.114894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.206142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.114894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62726.632883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63080.347448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62926.320951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62726.632883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63080.347448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62926.320951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          457                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              457                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    215701000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    496976000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    215701000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    496976000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.206142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.206142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60726.632883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61080.347448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60926.320951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60726.632883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61080.347448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60926.320951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3232                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        45105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          62839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    290485000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    513290000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        70996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.206142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.114894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62726.632883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63080.347448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62926.320951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    215701000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281275000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    496976000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.206142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60726.632883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61080.347448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60926.320951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3811.662472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              20255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.267017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    33.177963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1447.791457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2330.693052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.176732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.284508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.465291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1606                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.640381                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            90565                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           90565                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6404453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6404453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6404453                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6404453                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          77158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              77158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         77158                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             77158                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1569215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1569215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1569215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1569215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6481611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6481611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20337.683714                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20337.683714                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20337.683714                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20337.683714                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         77158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1414899000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414899000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1414899000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414899000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18337.683714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18337.683714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18337.683714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18337.683714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      76902                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6404453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6404453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         77158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             77158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1569215000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1569215000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6481611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20337.683714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20337.683714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1414899000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414899000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18337.683714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18337.683714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.135185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6316385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 76902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.135510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.135185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6558769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6558769                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8157                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8157                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          457                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       551296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       551296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  551296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10442000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43755250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          227328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          294720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              522048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       227328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         227328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        29248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            29248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           457                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 457                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11790904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           15286349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               27077253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11790904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11790904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1517017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1517017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1517017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11790904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          15286349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              28594269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       344.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3552.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4567.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.015140646500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21641                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 304                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8157                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         457                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       457                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      38                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    113                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      89280000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    40595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                241511250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10996.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29746.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4644                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      268                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8157                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   457                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     153.081326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    115.579261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    146.867922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1714     48.57%     48.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1152     32.64%     81.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          397     11.25%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          119      3.37%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           67      1.90%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           35      0.99%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.51%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.17%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           21      0.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      435.722222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     213.959483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     770.368194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              6     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5     27.78%     61.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      5.56%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4     22.22%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.888889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.882601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.471405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1      5.56%      5.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                17     94.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  519616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    20608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   522048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 29248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         26.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      27.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19272094000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2237299.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       227328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       292288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        20608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11790903.782048778608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 15160207.649948416278                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1068882.606368160807                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3552                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4605                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          457                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    104264250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    137247000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 389007753000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29353.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29803.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 851220466.08                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8725080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4637490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             21484260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              678600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1521848640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2216399970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5537057760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9310831800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.928288                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14372586750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    643760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4263600250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16471980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8755065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             36485400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1002240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1521848640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3276813720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4644077760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9505454805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         493.022870                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12039325500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    643760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6596861500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1827179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1827179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1827254                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1827254                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47332                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47332                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1081346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1081346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1081346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1081346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1874511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1874511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1874586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1874586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22845.981577                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22845.981577                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22845.981577                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22845.981577                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           17178                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 17178                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    986684000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    986684000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    986684000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    986684000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20846.023832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20846.023832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20846.023832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20846.023832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47075                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1166958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1166958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         36507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             36507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    680441000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    680441000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1203465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1203465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18638.644643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18638.644643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    607429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    607429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16638.699428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16638.699428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         660221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             660221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400905000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    400905000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       671046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         671046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37035.103926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37035.103926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379255000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    379255000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35035.103926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35035.103926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.507405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1846835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.231758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.507405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1921917                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1921917                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           24992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               53493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28501                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          24992                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              53493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         22340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             70997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            70997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    571682000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1419924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848242000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    571682000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1419924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          124490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         124490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.570303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.570303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17433.092875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25590.062668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19999.774638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17433.092875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25590.062668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19999.774638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    750928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    527004000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1277932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    750928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    527004000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1277932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15433.092875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23590.152193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17999.802809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15433.092875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23590.152193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17999.802809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     79985                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          24992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              53493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            70997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848242000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    571682000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1419924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         124490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.570303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17433.092875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25590.062668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19999.774638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    750928000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    527004000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1277932000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15433.092875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23590.152193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17999.802809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.561630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 139469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                79985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.743689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    69.073571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.018203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   188.469856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.134909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.492223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.368105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               222165                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              222165                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               124490                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              124489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         17178                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       154316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  266157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4128576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4938112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9066688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           385790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            210380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           236655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19279947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23133307000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 128390                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34266596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   240376                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    46.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              495012780                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11233423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023133                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23133307000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1355238                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11233423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1459459                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           154                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      799879                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           127                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7768303                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           183                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23133296                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23133296                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6788510                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3706074                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1006313                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 101313                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        101313                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               161946                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               80670                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      220166                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11130287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11130287                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21974835                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8973129                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1458186                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2257703                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     799517                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34186      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8861653     78.89%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      997      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       707      0.01%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     389      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    36256      0.32%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      770      0.01%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    19868      0.18%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20720      0.18%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 214      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1438270     12.80%     92.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  797747      7.10%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               19916      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1770      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11233479                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        54058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        23769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           77827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        54058                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        23769                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          77827                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3775                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5313                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9088                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    237953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    333889000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    571842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    237953000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    333889000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    571842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        57833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        86915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        57833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        86915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.065274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.182690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.104562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.065274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.182690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.104562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63033.907285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62843.779409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62922.755282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63033.907285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62843.779409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62922.755282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          486                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              486                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    230403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    553666000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    230403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323263000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    553666000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.065274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.182690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.065274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.182690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61033.907285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60843.779409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60922.755282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61033.907285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60843.779409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60922.755282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3777                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        54058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        23769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          77827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    237953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    333889000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    571842000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        57833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        86915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.065274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.182690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.104562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63033.907285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62843.779409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62922.755282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    230403000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    553666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.065274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.182690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61033.907285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60843.779409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60922.755282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4084.865228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              25812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.833995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    33.525349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1456.588744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2594.751135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.177806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.316742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.498641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5650                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1589                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3850                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.689697                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           109943                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          109943                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7676771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7676771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7676771                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7676771                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          91532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              91532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         91532                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             91532                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1836483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1836483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1836483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1836483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7768303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7768303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20063.835598                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20063.835598                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20063.835598                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20063.835598                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         91532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        91532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1653421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1653421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1653421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1653421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18063.857449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18063.857449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18063.857449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18063.857449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      91275                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7676771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7676771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         91532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             91532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1836483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1836483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7768303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20063.835598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20063.835598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        91532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1653421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1653421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18063.857449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18063.857449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.279239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7496801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 91275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.134221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.279239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7859834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7859834                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9088                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9088                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        18662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        18662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  18662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       612736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       612736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  612736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           48763750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          241600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          340032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              581632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       241600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         241600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        31104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            31104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           486                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 486                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10443816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           14698806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               25142622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10443816                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10443816                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1344555                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1344555                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1344555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10443816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          14698806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              26487177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       360.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3775.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5243.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.015140646500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            19                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            19                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                24458                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 321                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9088                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         486                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9088                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       486                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      70                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    126                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     100219250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    45090000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                269306750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11113.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29863.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5053                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      283                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9088                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   486                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     148.909000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.786365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    143.476990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2021     50.25%     50.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1293     32.15%     82.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          412     10.24%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          134      3.33%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           79      1.96%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      0.92%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.45%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.15%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           22      0.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      464.789474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     231.900294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     759.308865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              6     31.58%     31.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5     26.32%     57.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      5.26%     63.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4     21.05%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      5.26%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      5.26%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      5.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.894737                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.888761                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.458831                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1      5.26%      5.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                18     94.74%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  577152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    21760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   581632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 31104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         24.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      25.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23126886000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2415592.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       241600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       335552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        21760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10443815.923075763509                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 14505146.194618867710                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 940635.076515432913                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3775                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5313                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          486                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    111954750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    157352000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 463343916500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29656.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29616.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 953382544.24                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     56.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10188780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5415465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             24583020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              767340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1826095440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2672282550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6632846880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11172179475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.947789                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17216716000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    772460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5144131000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18528300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9848025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             39805500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1007460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1826095440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3745139400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5729388480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11369812605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         491.491018                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14855829250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    772460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7505017750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2198646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2198646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2198721                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2198721                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          60561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              60561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         60561                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             60561                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1349009000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1349009000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1349009000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1349009000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2259207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2259207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2259282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2259282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22275.210119                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22275.210119                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22275.210119                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22275.210119                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           21000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 21000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         60561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1227887000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1227887000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1227887000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1227887000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20275.210119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20275.210119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20275.210119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20275.210119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      60305                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1412156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1412156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         47228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             47228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    877802000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    877802000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1459384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1459384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18586.474126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18586.474126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    783346000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    783346000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16586.474126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16586.474126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         786490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             786490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    471207000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    471207000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       799823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         799823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016670                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016670                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35341.408535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35341.408535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444541000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    444541000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016670                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016670                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33341.408535                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33341.408535                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.756029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2237261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 60305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.099096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.756029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2319843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2319843                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           33698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           31479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               65177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          33698                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          31479                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              65177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         57834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         29082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             86916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            86916                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    982232000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    701329000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1683561000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    982232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    701329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1683561000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          152093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         152093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.571466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.571466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16983.642840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24115.569768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19369.977910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16983.642840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24115.569768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19369.977910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          13601                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                13601                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    866566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    643165000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1509731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    866566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    643165000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1509731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14983.677422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22115.569768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17370.000920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14983.677422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22115.569768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17370.000920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     98083                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          33698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          31479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              65177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            86916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    982232000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    701329000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1683561000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         152093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.571466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16983.642840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24115.569768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19369.977910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    866566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    643165000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1509731000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14983.677422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22115.569768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17370.000920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.967794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 170601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                98083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.739353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.982291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.727867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   193.257636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.130825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.487750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.377456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               271688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              271688                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               152093                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              152092                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         21000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       142122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       183063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  325185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5219904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5857984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 11077888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           457655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257093000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           302805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23133307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26943146000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 135073                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34267064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   252271                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    51.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              519895462                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13073730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026943                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26943146000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1575890                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13073730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1699826                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           160                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      931623                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           139                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9063726                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           184                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26943146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26943146                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7919169                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4334652                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1175418                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 113507                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        113507                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               181441                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               90306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      248938                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12956928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12956928                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25602448                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10447881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1698437                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2629626                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     931189                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38706      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10315792     78.90%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1174      0.01%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       924      0.01%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     429      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    40204      0.31%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      820      0.01%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    22518      0.17%     79.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23357      0.18%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 226      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1676055     12.82%     92.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929265      7.11%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22382      0.17%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1924      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13073792                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        64040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        27089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           91129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        64040                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        27089                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          91129                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4292                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5779                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10071                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    271218000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362661000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    633879000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    271218000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362661000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    633879000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       101200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       101200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.062811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.062811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63191.519105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62754.974909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62941.018767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63191.519105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62754.974909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62941.018767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          731                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              731                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    262634000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    351103000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    613737000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    262634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    351103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    613737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.062811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.062811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61191.519105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60754.974909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60941.018767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61191.519105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60754.974909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60941.018767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4838                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        64040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        27089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          91129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    271218000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362661000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    633879000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       101200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.062811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63191.519105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62754.974909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62941.018767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    262634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    351103000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    613737000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.062811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61191.519105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60754.974909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60941.018767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4321.168921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             116461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            10641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            10.944554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    34.443460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1453.277849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2833.447612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.177402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.345880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.527486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.708374                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           127102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          127102                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8955296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8955296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8955296                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8955296                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         108430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             108430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        108430                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            108430                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2164602000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2164602000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2164602000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2164602000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9063726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9063726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9063726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9063726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19963.128286                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19963.128286                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19963.128286                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19963.128286                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        108430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       108430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1947742000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1947742000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1947742000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1947742000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17963.128286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17963.128286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17963.128286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17963.128286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     108174                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8955296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8955296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        108430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            108430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2164602000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2164602000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9063726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9063726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19963.128286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19963.128286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       108430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1947742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1947742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17963.128286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17963.128286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.381157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9063726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                108430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 83.590575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.381157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9172156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9172156                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10071                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10071                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        20873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        20873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  20873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       691328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       691328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  691328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            13726000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           54059250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          274688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          369856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              644544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       274688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         274688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        46784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            46784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10195097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           13727276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               23922373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10195097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10195097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1736397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1736397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1736397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10195097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          13727276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              25658771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       448.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4292.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5679.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.015140646500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            24                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            24                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                27585                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 403                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10071                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         731                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10071                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       731                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     100                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    283                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     111868000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    49855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                298824250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11219.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29969.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5529                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      354                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  55.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10071                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   731                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     147.409836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    111.216546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    143.091897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2343     51.91%     51.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1381     30.59%     82.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          445      9.86%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          164      3.63%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           93      2.06%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           40      0.89%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.40%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.13%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           24      0.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      413.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     224.149940                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     681.477529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              6     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9     37.50%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      4.17%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            5     20.83%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      4.17%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      4.17%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      4.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.791667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.781790                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.588230                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 2      8.33%      8.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      4.17%     12.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                21     87.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  638144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    27328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   644544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 46784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         23.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      23.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26941451000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2494116.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       274688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       363456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        27328                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10195097.484161648899                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 13489738.726130941883                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1014283.929575261893                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4292                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5779                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          731                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    127949250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    170875000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 586511143000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29811.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29568.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 802340824.90                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     56.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10253040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5449620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             24611580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              861300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2126654400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2732488800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8045124960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12945443700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         480.472611                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20887730000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    899600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5155816000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              21984060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11681010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             46581360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1367640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2126654400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4485232530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6569130240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13262631240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         492.245087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17030596000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    899600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9012950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2562925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2562925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2563000                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2563000                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          68387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              68387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         68387                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             68387                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1509475000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1509475000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1509475000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1509475000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2631312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2631312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2631387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2631387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22072.543027                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22072.543027                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22072.543027                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22072.543027                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23707                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23707                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         68387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        68387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1372701000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1372701000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1372701000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1372701000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20072.543027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20072.543027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20072.543027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20072.543027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68131                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1646583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1646583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         53168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             53168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    984719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    984719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1699751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1699751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18520.896028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18520.896028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        53168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    878383000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    878383000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16520.896028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16520.896028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         916342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             916342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        15219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            15219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    524756000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    524756000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       931561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         931561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016337                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016337                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34480.320652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34480.320652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        15219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    494318000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    494318000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016337                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016337                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32480.320652                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32480.320652                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.931930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2631387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.477883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.931930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2699774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2699774                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           40098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           35519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          40098                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          35519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         68332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         32868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            101200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           101200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1150950000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778387000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1929337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1150950000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778387000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1929337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          176817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         176817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.572343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.572343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16843.499385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23682.213703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19064.594862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16843.499385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23682.213703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19064.594862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       101200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       101200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1014286000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    712651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1726937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1014286000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    712651000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1726937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14843.499385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21682.213703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17064.594862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14843.499385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21682.213703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17064.594862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    113804                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          40098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          35519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           101200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1150950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778387000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1929337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         176817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.572343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16843.499385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23682.213703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19064.594862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       101200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1014286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    712651000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1726937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14843.499385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21682.213703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17064.594862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.255154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 200524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               114316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.754120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.681838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.896141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   192.677175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.130238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.490032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.376323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               314840                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              314840                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               176817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              176817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23707                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       160481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       216860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  377341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5894016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6939520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12833536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           542150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            295352000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           341935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26943146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
