
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3492610000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116188                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34323736                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   206377                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              405427575                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000883                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1777849                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003493                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3492610000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            188884                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000883                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1777849                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      203500                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       99875                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1269526                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3492599                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3492599                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1306136                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1001174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       167113                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       10970                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1763439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1763439                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3294838                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1490365                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      203415                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        303212                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      99797                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7702      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1448882     81.50%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11298      0.64%     82.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.10%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.03%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.06%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.03%     82.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.12%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   202460     11.39%     94.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   94279      5.30%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.05%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1777861                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   100                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         3580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3580                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1379                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4959                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2863                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66798000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    168925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66798000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    168925000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         7822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         7822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.366019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.366019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58693.678161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59481.745325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59002.794272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58693.678161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59481.745325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59002.794272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    163199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    163199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.366019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.366019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56693.678161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57481.745325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57002.794272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56693.678161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57481.745325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57002.794272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66798000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168925000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         7822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.366019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58693.678161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59481.745325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59002.794272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163199000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.366019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56693.678161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57481.745325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57002.794272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2232.527912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1295.166913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   937.360998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.009881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.007151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.017033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2863                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2774                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.021843                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            12357                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           12357                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1262830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1262830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1262830                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1262830                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6696                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6696                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220516000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    220516000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220516000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    220516000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1269526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1269526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1269526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1269526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32932.497013                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32932.497013                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32932.497013                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32932.497013                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    207124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30932.497013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30932.497013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30932.497013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30932.497013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6440                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1262830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1262830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    220516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1269526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1269526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32932.497013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32932.497013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207124000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207124000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30932.497013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30932.497013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.711209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  976705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                151.662267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.711209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.975434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1276222                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1276222                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         5726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         5726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   5726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       183232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       183232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  183232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2863000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15202750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          111360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           71872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              183232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       111360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         111360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 2863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           31884465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           20578307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               52462771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      31884465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          31884465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          31884465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          20578307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              52462771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1740.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1123.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000569000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 6622                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         2863                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       2863                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      19877000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    14315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 73558250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6942.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25692.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2240                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   2863                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     2863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     294.112360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    183.788251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    302.046237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           197     31.62%     31.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          185     29.70%     61.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           69     11.08%     72.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           46      7.38%     79.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           23      3.69%     83.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      3.21%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      3.21%     89.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      1.77%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           52      8.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  183232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   183232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         52.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      52.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3460045000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1208538.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       111360                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        71872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 31884464.626740459353                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 20578306.767718125135                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1123                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     44171250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     29387000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25385.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26168.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1635060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy                869055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9232020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      275358720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         224681460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1151956800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1663733115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         476.358115                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2992620250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    116480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    383509750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2813160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1495230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11209800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      275358720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         440187630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         970477920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1701542460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.183642                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2518415000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    116480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    857715000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           297297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               297297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          299390                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              299390                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           3963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               3963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          3973                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              3973                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    133590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134150000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    134150000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       301260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           301260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       303363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          303363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33709.311128                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33709.311128                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33765.416562                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33765.416562                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2050                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2050                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125666000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125666000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126206000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126206000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31709.815796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31709.815796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31765.919960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31765.919960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       3716                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     56575000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56575000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22125.537740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22125.537740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     51463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20126.319906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20126.319906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          98457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              98457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77015000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77015000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99863                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          99863                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014079                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014079                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54775.960171                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54775.960171                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     74203000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74203000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014079                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014079                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52775.960171                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52775.960171                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       560000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       560000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        56000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        56000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       540000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       540000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        54000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.941566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  158121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  3716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.551399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.941566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                307335                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               307335                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2846                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          5320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7823                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    167807000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97078000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    264885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    167807000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    264885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.733246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.733246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31542.669173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38784.658410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33859.772466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31542.669173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38784.658410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33859.772466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1672                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1672                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157167000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29542.669173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36785.457451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31860.028122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29542.669173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36785.457451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31860.028122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8795                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    167807000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97078000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    264885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.733246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31542.669173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38784.658410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33859.772466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157167000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29542.669173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36785.457451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31860.028122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.873237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.333712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    57.563387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   364.641740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    77.668111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.112428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.712191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.151696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22026                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22026                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10669                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10668                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2050                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         9995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        13392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   23387                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       385408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       428544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   813952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            33480000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             20919000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            19860000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3492610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6782846000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 126304                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34324664                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   220708                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    15.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              428251233                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000430                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3495671                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006783                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6782846000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364520                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000430                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3495671                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      380248                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      200449                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2571591                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6782835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6782835                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2507518                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1966071                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       321896                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16288                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3471624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3471624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6545860                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2944955                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      380163                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        580534                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     200371                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15502      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2858967     81.79%     82.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    33913      0.97%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.05%     83.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.02%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.03%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.02%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.06%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   379208     10.85%     94.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  194853      5.57%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.03%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3495683                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   100                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5630                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4382                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10012                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2911                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66798000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    171667000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66798000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    171667000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         5505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         5505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.225257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.225257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58651.565996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59481.745325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58971.830986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58651.565996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59481.745325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58971.830986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    165845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101293000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    165845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56651.565996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57481.745325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56971.830986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56651.565996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57481.745325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56971.830986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104869000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66798000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    171667000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.225257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58651.565996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59481.745325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58971.830986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    165845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56651.565996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57481.745325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56971.830986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2550.520248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1523.109125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1027.411123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.011620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.007839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.019459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2910                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.022209                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            18767                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           18767                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2562462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2562462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2562462                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2562462                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9129                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9129                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    268053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    268053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2571591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2571591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2571591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2571591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29362.799869                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29362.799869                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29362.799869                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29362.799869                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27362.799869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27362.799869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27362.799869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27362.799869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       8873                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2562462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2562462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268053000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    268053000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2571591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2571591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29362.799869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29362.799869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27362.799869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27362.799869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.761788                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2118065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  8873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                238.709005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.761788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2580720                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2580720                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         5822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         5822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   5822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       186304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       186304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  186304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2911000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15457250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          114432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           71872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              186304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       114432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         114432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 2911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16870794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           10596142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               27466936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16870794                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16870794                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16870794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          10596142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              27466936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1788.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1123.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000569000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 7564                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         2911                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       2911                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      20120500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    14555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 74701750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6911.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25661.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2277                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   2911                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     2911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          634                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     293.854890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    183.791060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    301.811766                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           199     31.39%     31.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          191     30.13%     61.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           69     10.88%     72.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           46      7.26%     79.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           25      3.94%     83.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      3.15%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      3.15%     89.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      1.74%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           53      8.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           634                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  186304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   186304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         27.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      27.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     5815532000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1997778.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       114432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        71872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16870794.353874463588                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 10596142.091387597844                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1123                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     45314750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     29387000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25343.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26168.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1649340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy                876645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9253440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      535351440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         275306580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2372775840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3195213285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         471.072657                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6165992500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    226460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    390393500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2877420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1529385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11531100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      535351440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         507252690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2177452800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3235994835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         477.085111                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5655633500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    226460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    900752500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           568053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               568053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          571316                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              571316                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9369                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9369                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    226573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227133000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    227133000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       577412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           577412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       580685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          580685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24209.103537                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24209.103537                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24243.035543                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24243.035543                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4354                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4354                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207857000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207857000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    208397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22209.317235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22209.317235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22243.249013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22243.249013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9112                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          369598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              369598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    140910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       376975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          376975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19101.260675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19101.260675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17101.531788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17101.531788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         198455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             198455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1982                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1982                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     85663000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85663000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         200437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.009888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43220.484359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43220.484359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     81699000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81699000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009888                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009888                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41220.484359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41220.484359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       560000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       560000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        56000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        56000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       540000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       540000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        54000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.365485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  245746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.969491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.365485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                590053                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               590053                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3863                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5574                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12924                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136117000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    333844000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136117000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    333844000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           18498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          18498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.698670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.698670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26655.028310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24721.576462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25831.321572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26655.028310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24721.576462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25831.321572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2933                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2933                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125107000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    307998000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125107000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    307998000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24655.028310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22721.939702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23831.476323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24655.028310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22721.939702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23831.476323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15139                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136117000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    333844000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          18498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.698670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26655.028310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24721.576462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25831.321572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125107000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    307998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24655.028310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22721.939702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23831.476323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4354                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4354                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4354                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4354                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.755711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  21599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.426712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    34.699635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   423.127121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    47.928955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.067773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.826420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.093611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38503                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                18498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               18497                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4354                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   41349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       878208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       584256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1462464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            45645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             40268000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6782846000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10214482000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 128446                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34327420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   223783                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              434594067                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3018886                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5259680                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010214                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10214482000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            542010                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3018886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5259680                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      565316                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      314430                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3910927                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10214471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10214471                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3731795                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2890031                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       475212                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21830                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5227232                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5227232                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9964235                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4432905                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      565232                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        879583                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     314351                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22523      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4293095     81.62%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    57725      1.10%     83.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.04%     83.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.02%     83.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.04%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   564277     10.73%     94.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  308833      5.87%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.02%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5259693                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   100                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           15115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7619                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7496                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          15115                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3266                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    192074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69145000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    192074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58398.574822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59556.416882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58810.165340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58398.574822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59556.416882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58810.165340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118719000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66823000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    185542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118719000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66823000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    185542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56398.574822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57556.416882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56810.165340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56398.574822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57556.416882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56810.165340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          15115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69145000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    192074000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58398.574822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59556.416882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58810.165340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118719000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66823000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    185542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56398.574822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57556.416882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56810.165340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2687.579165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1626.980712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1060.598453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.012413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.008092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.020505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1645                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024918                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25886                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3899248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3899248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3899248                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3899248                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          11679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              11679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         11679                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             11679                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    332957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    332957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3910927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3910927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3910927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3910927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28509.033308                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28509.033308                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28509.033308                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28509.033308                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    309599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    309599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26509.033308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26509.033308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26509.033308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26509.033308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      11423                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3899248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3899248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         11679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             11679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332957000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    332957000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3910927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3910927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28509.033308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28509.033308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    309599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26509.033308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26509.033308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.849691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3657719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 11423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                320.206513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.849691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3922606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3922606                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       209024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       209024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  209024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3266000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           17330750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          134720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           74304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              209024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       134720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         134720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13189117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            7274378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               20463495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13189117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13189117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13189117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           7274378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              20463495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2105.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1161.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000569000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9154                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3266                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3266                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      22057750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    16330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 83295250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6753.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25503.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2588                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3266                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     308.294985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    191.903074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    310.561632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           206     30.38%     30.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          198     29.20%     59.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           73     10.77%     70.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           51      7.52%     77.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           28      4.13%     82.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      3.39%     85.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      3.69%     89.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.77%     90.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           62      9.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  209024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   209024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         20.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      20.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10055882000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3078959.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       134720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        74304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13189117.176965018734                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 7274377.692378330976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1161                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     52826250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     30469000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25095.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26243.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1899240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1009470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             11509680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      805793040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         373185840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3608099520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4801496790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         470.067576                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9376607500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    340860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    497014500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2941680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1563540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11809560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      805793040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         574160430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3438857760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4835126010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         473.359884                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8934365750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    340860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    939256250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           860417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               860417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          864731                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              864731                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15002                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15002                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    325979000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    325979000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326539000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    326539000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       875409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           875409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       879733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          879733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21743.529883                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21743.529883                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21766.364485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21766.364485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6784                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6784                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    295997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    296537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19743.663287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19743.663287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19766.497800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19766.497800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14745                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          548611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              548611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    228449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    228449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       560992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          560992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.022070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18451.579032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18451.579032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    203687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16451.579032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16451.579032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         311806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             311806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97530000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     97530000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       314417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         314417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.008304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37353.504404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37353.504404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92310000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92310000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35354.270394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35354.270394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       560000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       560000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        56000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        56000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       540000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       540000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        54000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.586529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  345167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.409088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.586529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                894734                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               894734                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245131000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    424495000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245131000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    424495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           26681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          26681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.688955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.688955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25208.864665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20716.562717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23092.971385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25208.864665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20716.562717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23092.971385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    225683000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    387733000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    225683000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    387733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23208.864665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18716.793717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21093.080187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23208.864665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18716.793717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21093.080187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21930                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245131000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    424495000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          26681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.688955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25208.864665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20716.562717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23092.971385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    225683000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    387733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23208.864665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18716.793717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21093.080187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.853529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  32683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.490333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    26.540033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   444.729511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    36.583986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.051836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.868612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.071453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                55907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               55907                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                26681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               26680                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6784                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   60145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1394240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       747456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2141696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            58395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            75005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10214482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13327179000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 136204                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34328996                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   236456                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    29.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              453766852                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000294                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6944713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013327                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13327179000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            711569                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000294                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6944713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      739064                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      401391                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5156623                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13327168                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13327168                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5001479                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3934294                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       630278                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       25560                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6903254                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6903254                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13097455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5869763                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      738951                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1140258                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     401307                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 29536      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5693253     81.98%     82.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    74912      1.08%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.03%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   737996     10.63%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  395789      5.70%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6944726                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   100                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9118                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9466                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18584                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3440                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    202002000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    202002000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        22024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        22024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.156193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.156193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58246.886121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59616.610738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58721.511628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58246.886121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59616.610738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58721.511628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    195122000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    195122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56246.886121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57616.610738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56721.511628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56246.886121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57616.610738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56721.511628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202002000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        22024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58246.886121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59616.610738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58721.511628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126443000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195122000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56246.886121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57616.610738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56721.511628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5287                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5287                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5287                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5287                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2862.567213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1771.295641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1091.271572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.013514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.008326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          637                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026245                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            30751                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           30751                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5143132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5143132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5143132                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5143132                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13491                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13491                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    374424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    374424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    374424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    374424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5156623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5156623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5156623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5156623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27753.613520                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27753.613520                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27753.613520                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27753.613520                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    347444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    347444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    347444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    347444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25753.761767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25753.761767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25753.761767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25753.761767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13234                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5143132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5143132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    374424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    374424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5156623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5156623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27753.613520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27753.613520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    347444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    347444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25753.761767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25753.761767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.351917                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4756326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                359.401995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.351917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5170113                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5170113                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       220160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       220160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  220160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3440000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18251250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          143872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              220160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       143872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         143872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10795383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            5724242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               16519625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10795383                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10795383                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10795383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           5724242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              16519625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2248.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000569000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10302                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3440                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3440                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      22930750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 87430750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6665.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25415.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2735                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3440                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     312.283688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    194.232037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    312.389051                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           213     30.21%     30.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          201     28.51%     58.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           78     11.06%     69.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           53      7.52%     77.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           31      4.40%     81.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      3.40%     85.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      3.83%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      1.84%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           65      9.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  220160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   220160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         16.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      16.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11057560000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3214406.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       143872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10795382.878852305934                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 5724242.167078269646                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1192                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     56075750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31355000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24944.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26304.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1992060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1058805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12187980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1051649040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         433589310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4752509280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6252986475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         469.190552                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12351241250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    444860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    531077750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3041640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1616670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12373620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1051649040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         642384870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4576681440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6287747280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         471.798817                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11891803750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    444860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    990515250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1115215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1115215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1121728                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1121728                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          18698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              18698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         18714                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             18714                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391432000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    391432000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    392106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    392106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1133913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1133913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1140442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1140442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20934.431490                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20934.431490                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20952.548894                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20952.548894                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8452                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8452                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    354036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    354678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18934.431490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18934.431490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18952.548894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18952.548894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18458                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          716956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              716956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         15579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             15579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284167000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    284167000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       732535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          732535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18240.387701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18240.387701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253009000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    253009000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16240.387701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16240.387701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         398259                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             398259                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107265000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    107265000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       401378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         401378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34390.830394                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34390.830394                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    101027000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101027000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007771                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007771                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32390.830394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32390.830394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       674000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       674000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        42125                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        42125                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       642000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       642000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        40125                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40125                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.150219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  616576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 33.404269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.150219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1159156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1159156                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8056                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             22025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            22025                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274201000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    481434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274201000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    481434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           32205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          32205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.683900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.683900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24122.547726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19443.891912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21858.524404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24122.547726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19443.891912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21858.524404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5287                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5287                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185917000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    437386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185917000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    437386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22122.723674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17443.891912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19858.615210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22122.723674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17443.891912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19858.615210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     26589                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            22025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274201000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    481434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          32205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.683900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24122.547726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19443.891912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21858.524404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185917000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    437386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22122.723674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17443.891912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19858.615210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8452                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8452                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8452                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8452                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.821979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                26589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.463500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    25.344326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   453.886777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    29.590876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.049501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.886498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.057795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                67758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               67758                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                32205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               32204                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        45880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        26981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   72861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1738624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       863360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2601984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            67450000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             74465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            93570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13327179000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16577195000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 139405                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34328996                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   241854                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              462106482                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000847                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8676055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016577                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16577195000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            888944                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000847                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8676055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      916691                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      502151                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6447126                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16577184                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16577184                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6248576                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4923461                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       788448                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       30420                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8626017                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8626017                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16369112                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7335254                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      916577                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1418644                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     502067                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 36016      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7118866     82.05%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    95775      1.10%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   915622     10.55%     94.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  496549      5.72%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8676068                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   100                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           22914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10785                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12129                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          22914                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3444                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    202252000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    202252000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        26358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        26358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.130662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.130662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58254.440497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59616.610738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58725.900116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58254.440497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59616.610738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58725.900116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    195364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    195364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56254.440497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57616.610738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56725.900116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56254.440497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57616.610738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56725.900116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          22914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        26358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.130662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58254.440497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59616.610738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58725.900116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195364000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56254.440497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57616.610738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56725.900116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2976.318413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1865.298687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1111.019726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.014231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.008476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          533                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026276                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            36316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           36316                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6431663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6431663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6431663                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6431663                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    410948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    410948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6447126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6447126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6447126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6447126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26576.214189                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26576.214189                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26576.214189                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26576.214189                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    380022000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    380022000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    380022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    380022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24576.214189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24576.214189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24576.214189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24576.214189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15207                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6431663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6431663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    410948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6447126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6447126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26576.214189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26576.214189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    380022000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    380022000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24576.214189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24576.214189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.675029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6065074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                398.834353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.675029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6462589                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6462589                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       220416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       220416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  220416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3444000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18273000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              220416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8694354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            4601985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               13296339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8694354                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8694354                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8694354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           4601985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              13296339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000569000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11146                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3444                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3444                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      22972000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 87547000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6670.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25420.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2736                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3444                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     311.322034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    193.509851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    312.080636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           215     30.37%     30.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          202     28.53%     58.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           78     11.02%     69.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           53      7.49%     77.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           31      4.38%     81.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      3.39%     85.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      3.81%     88.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      1.84%     90.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           65      9.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  220416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   220416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         13.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      13.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14715962000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     4272927.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8694353.900041593239                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 4601984.835190754384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1192                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     56192000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31355000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24952.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26304.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1992060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1058805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12187980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1308568560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         480526530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5960988960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7765322895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         468.434068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15492577250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    553540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    531077750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3063060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1628055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12402180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1308568560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         692646330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5782361760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7800669945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         470.566338                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15025806500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    553540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    997848500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1387557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1387557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1395204                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1395204                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23625                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23625                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475750000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    475750000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    476424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1411166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1411166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1418829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1418829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20151.213520                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20151.213520                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20166.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20166.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10582                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10582                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    428534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    428534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    429176000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    429176000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18151.298234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18151.298234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18166.179894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18166.179894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23368                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          889099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              889099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    360054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    360054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       909028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          909028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18066.837272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18066.837272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16066.937629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16066.937629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         498458                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             498458                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115696000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    115696000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       502138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         502138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31439.130435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31439.130435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108336000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108336000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29439.130435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29439.130435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       674000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       674000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        42125                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        42125                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       642000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       642000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        40125                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40125                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.512875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  708119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.302936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.512875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1442453                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1442453                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               12729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              12729                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             26359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            26359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296166000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241852000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    538018000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296166000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    538018000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.674350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.674350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22717.342947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18154.331182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20411.168861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22717.342947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18154.331182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20411.168861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6514                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6514                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270092000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    485302000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270092000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    485302000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20717.342947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16154.481309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18411.244736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20717.342947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16154.481309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18411.244736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     32142                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              12729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            26359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296166000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    538018000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.674350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22717.342947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18154.331182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20411.168861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270092000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    485302000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20717.342947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16154.481309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18411.244736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.445041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  48255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                32142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.501307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.894341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   461.854402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    24.696299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.044716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.902059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.048235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                82324                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               82324                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39088                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39087                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10582                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        30926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   88757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2189184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       989632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3178816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            77315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             91998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16577195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19871815000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 141338                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34328996                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   244043                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              466455693                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6021197                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10396646                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019872                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19871815000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1056085                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6021197                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10396646                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1102336                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      586219                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7767322                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19871804                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19871804                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7506803                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5993977                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       938926                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       34274                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10335150                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10335150                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19575576                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8812472                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1102194                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1688323                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     586129                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 46086      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8540584     82.15%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   114899      1.11%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1101239     10.59%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  580611      5.58%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10396659                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   100                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        13400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        13400                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14342                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27742                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3448                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71333000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    202522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71333000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    202522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        31190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        31190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58254.440497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59642.976589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58736.078886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58254.440497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59642.976589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58736.078886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    195626000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    195626000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56254.440497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57642.976589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56736.078886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56254.440497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57642.976589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56736.078886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        13400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71333000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202522000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        31190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58254.440497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59642.976589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58736.078886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56254.440497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57642.976589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56736.078886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3054.064079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1929.411294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1124.652784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.014720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.008580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026306                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            42064                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           42064                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7748950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7748950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7748950                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7748950                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          18372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              18372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         18372                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             18372                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    465041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    465041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7767322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7767322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7767322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7767322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25312.486392                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25312.486392                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25312.486392                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25312.486392                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428299000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    428299000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428299000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    428299000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23312.595254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23312.595254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23312.595254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23312.595254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      18115                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7748950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7748950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         18372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             18372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465041000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    465041000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7767322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7767322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25312.486392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25312.486392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    428299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23312.595254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23312.595254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.894701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7526297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 18115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                415.473199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.894701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7785693                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7785693                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3448000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18294250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              220672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7252886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            3851888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               11104773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7252886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7252886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7252886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           3851888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              11104773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1196.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000569000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12000                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3448                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      23033750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 87683750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6680.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25430.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2739                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     311.244006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    193.586246                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    311.867083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           215     30.32%     30.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          202     28.49%     58.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           79     11.14%     69.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           53      7.48%     77.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           31      4.37%     81.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      3.39%     85.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      3.81%     89.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      1.83%     90.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           65      9.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  220672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   220672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         11.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      11.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18843382000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     5465017.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7252885.556754629128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 3851887.711313737556                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1196                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     56192000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31491750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24952.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26330.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1992060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1058805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12187980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1568561280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         528025200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7186124160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9297949485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         467.896339                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18677217250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    663520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    531077750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3070200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1631850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12430740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1568561280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         743576970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7004606880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9333877920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         469.704349                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18202906500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    663520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1005388500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1650149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1650149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1661030                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1661030                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         27512                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             27512                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    542755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    543900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    543900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1677634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1677634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1688542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1688542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19747.316718                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19747.316718                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19769.555103                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19769.555103                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    487785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    488876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17747.316718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17747.316718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17769.555103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17769.555103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      27256                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1068081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1068081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         23347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             23347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    419917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1091428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1091428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17985.908254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17985.908254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373223000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    373223000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15985.908254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15985.908254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         582068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             582068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    122838000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    122838000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       586206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         586206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007059                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007059                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29685.355244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29685.355244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    114562000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114562000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27685.355244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27685.355244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1145000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1145000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42407.407407                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42407.407407                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1091000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1091000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40407.407407                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40407.407407                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.759431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  957072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 27256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.114177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.759431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1716054                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1716054                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11974                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    601096000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    601096000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.679779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.679779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21092.506229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17436.928820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19271.456510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21092.506229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17436.928820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19271.456510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298857000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239859000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    538716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298857000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239859000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    538716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19092.634000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15436.928820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17271.520631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19092.634000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15436.928820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17271.520631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     37885                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    601096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.679779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21092.506229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17436.928820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19271.456510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239859000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    538716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19092.634000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15436.928820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17271.520631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.868637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                37885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.518701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.246287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   465.960328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    21.662022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.043450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.042309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                96562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               96562                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45884                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  104048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2546752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1175744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3722496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            91855000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            107289000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           137560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19871815000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23111441000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 143677                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34328996                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   248438                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              474365494                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12104057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023111                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23111441000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1235040                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12104057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1268762                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      699434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9037381                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23111441                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23111441                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8715530                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             6871807                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1094137                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       40536                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12034804                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12034804                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22871453                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10244492                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1268620                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1967964                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     699344                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 52089      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9937815     82.10%     82.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   139435      1.15%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267665     10.47%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  693826      5.73%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12104070                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   100                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           33263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15436                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17827                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          33263                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3448                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71333000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    202522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71333000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    202522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58254.440497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59642.976589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58736.078886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58254.440497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59642.976589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58736.078886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    195626000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    195626000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56254.440497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57642.976589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56736.078886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56254.440497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57642.976589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56736.078886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          33263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71333000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202522000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58254.440497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59642.976589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58736.078886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56254.440497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57642.976589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56736.078886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3109.283701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              45673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            13.246230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1974.629884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1134.653818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.015065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.008657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026306                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            49121                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           49121                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9016758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9016758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9016758                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9016758                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20623                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20623                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506969000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    506969000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506969000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    506969000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9037381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9037381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24582.698928                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24582.698928                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24582.698928                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24582.698928                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    465723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    465723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22582.698928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22582.698928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22582.698928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22582.698928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20367                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9016758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9016758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    506969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9037381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24582.698928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24582.698928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    465723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22582.698928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22582.698928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.049635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9037381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                438.218542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.049635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9058004                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9058004                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3448000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18294250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              220672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6236219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            3311953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total                9548171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6236219                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6236219                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6236219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           3311953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total               9548171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1196.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000569000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12832                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3448                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      23033750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 87683750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6680.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25430.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2739                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     311.244006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    193.586246                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    311.867083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           215     30.32%     30.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          202     28.49%     58.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           79     11.14%     69.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           53      7.48%     77.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           31      4.37%     81.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      3.39%     85.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      3.81%     89.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      1.83%     90.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           65      9.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  220672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   220672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                          9.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                       9.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18843382000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     5465017.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6236218.676282452419                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 3311952.725059419870                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1196                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     56192000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31491750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24952.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26330.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1992060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1058805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12187980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1824251520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         574737840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8390803680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10805031885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         467.518745                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21808683250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    771680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    531077750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3070200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1631850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12430740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1824251520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         790289610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8209286400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10840960320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         469.073318                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21334372500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    771680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1005388500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1923436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1923436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1934317                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1934317                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          33839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              33839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         33866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             33866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    652036000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    652036000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    653181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    653181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1957275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1957275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1968183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1968183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19268.772718                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19268.772718                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19287.220221                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19287.220221                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         33839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584358000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    584358000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585449000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    585449000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17268.772718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17268.772718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17287.220221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17287.220221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33610                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1228858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1228858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         28996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             28996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    518611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    518611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1257854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1257854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17885.604911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17885.604911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15885.604911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15885.604911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         694578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             694578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133425000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    133425000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.006924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27550.072269                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27550.072269                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123739000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123739000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006924                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006924                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25550.072269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25550.072269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1145000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1145000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42407.407407                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42407.407407                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1091000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1091000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40407.407407                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40407.407407                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.933327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1968183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 33866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 58.116784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.933327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2002049                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2002049                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14843                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17778                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         19023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356629000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316240000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    672869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356629000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316240000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    672869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           54489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          54489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.673732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.673732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20162.200362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16624.086632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18328.811528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20162.200362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16624.086632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18328.811528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    599447000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321253000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    599447000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18162.200362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14624.086632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16328.811528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18162.200362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14624.086632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16328.811528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     44939                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356629000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316240000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    672869000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          54489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.673732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20162.200362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16624.086632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18328.811528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321253000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    599447000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18162.200362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14624.086632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16328.811528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.167399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  69508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.529295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    21.894833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   468.775466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    19.497100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.042763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.915577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.038080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               114959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              114959                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                54489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               54489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  123997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3128640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1319872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4448512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           103115000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            129584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           169330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23111441000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
