
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 5052049000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 260489                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1286036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   509024                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     3.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1315892198                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000014                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1954253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.005052                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5052049000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218455                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000014                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1954253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      183710                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      129905                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            92                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332059                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          5052038                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    5052038                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1246214                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              641789                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       167423                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  88049                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         88049                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               131489                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               68803                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28190                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1891953                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1891953                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3656573                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1556287                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      183677                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313357                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     129680                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15151      0.78%      0.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1550724     79.35%     80.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1537      0.08%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     13504      0.69%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1167      0.06%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      516      0.03%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16367      0.84%     81.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13762      0.70%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   16166      0.83%     83.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    868      0.04%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                5070      0.26%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2028      0.10%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               3042      0.16%     83.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               1014      0.05%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   160154      8.20%     92.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  125821      6.44%     98.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23523      1.20%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               3859      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1954273                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1308341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1308341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1308341                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1308341                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          23718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              23718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         23718                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             23718                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1349803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1349803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1349803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1349803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56910.489923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56910.489923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56910.489923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56910.489923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1302369000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1302369000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1302369000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1302369000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54910.574247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54910.574247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54910.574247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54910.574247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      23466                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1308341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1308341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         23718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             23718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1349803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1349803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.017806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56910.489923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56910.489923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1302369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1302369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54910.574247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54910.574247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               240.200037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  898966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 23466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.309299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   240.200037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.938281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.938281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1355776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1355776                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               22516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3833                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        48865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        48865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  48865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1686336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1686336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1686336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            41681000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          120031750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1093888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          347136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1441024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1093888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1093888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       245312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           245312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            17092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                22516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          216523632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           68711923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              285235555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     216523632                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         216523632                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        48556932                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              48556932                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        48556932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         216523632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          68711923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             333792487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3374.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     17092.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5121.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001527068500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           193                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           193                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                49457                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3160                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        22516                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3833                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      22516                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3833                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     303                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    459                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               4398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     186212500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   111065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                602706250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8383.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27133.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     16220                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2831                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  22516                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3833                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    22213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     251.328108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    165.027664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    267.299742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2063     31.70%     31.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2288     35.16%     66.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          839     12.89%     79.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          405      6.22%     85.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          114      1.75%     87.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          200      3.07%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          101      1.55%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          110      1.69%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          387      5.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      114.782383                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      29.594707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     319.233089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             160     82.90%     82.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            13      6.74%     89.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      1.04%     90.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      1.04%     91.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.52%     92.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      1.55%     93.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            2      1.04%     94.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            2      1.04%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.52%     96.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.52%     96.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.52%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.52%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.52%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            3      1.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.367876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.334249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.077422                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                69     35.75%     35.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.04%     36.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               106     54.92%     91.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                14      7.25%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      1.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1421632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    19392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   214528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1441024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                245312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        281.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         42.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     285.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      48.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     5051845000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      191728.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1093888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       327744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       214528                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 216523632.292560875416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 64873480.047402545810                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 42463562.803923711181                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        17092                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5424                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3833                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    458479500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    144226750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 115303022250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26824.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26590.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  30081665.08                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              27938820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14827065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             90699420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7386300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      398286720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1952963640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         295386240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2787488205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         551.753992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    750691000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    168480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4132878000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18571140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9867000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             67901400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            10111140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      398286720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1977634380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         274610880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2756982660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         545.715740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    696460500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    168480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4187108500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           307176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               307176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          307180                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              307180                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6415                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6415                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    401988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    407404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    407404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       313515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           313515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       313595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          313595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63415.049692                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63415.049692                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63508.028059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63508.028059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4220                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4220                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    389310000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    389310000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    394574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61415.049692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61415.049692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61508.028059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61508.028059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6159                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          181244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              181244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142564000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142564000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       183630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          183630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59750.209556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59750.209556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137792000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137792000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57750.209556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57750.209556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125932                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125932                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3953                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3953                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259424000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    259424000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       129885                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         129885                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65627.118644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65627.118644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    251518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030435                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030435                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63627.118644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63627.118644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           80                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            80                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.950000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.806535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  229351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.238350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.806535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                320010                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               320010                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                7616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               7616                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             22517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17093                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            22517                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1147804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    359974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1507778000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1147804000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    359974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1507778000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        23718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           30133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        23718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          30133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.720676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.845518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.747254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.720676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.845518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.747254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67150.529457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66366.887906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66961.762224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67150.529457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66366.887906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66961.762224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3833                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3833                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1113620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    349126000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1462746000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1113620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    349126000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1462746000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.720676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.845518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.747254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.720676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.845518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.747254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65150.646463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64366.887906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64961.851046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65150.646463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64366.887906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64961.851046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     24146                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               7616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            22517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1147804000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    359974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1507778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        23718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          30133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.720676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.845518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.747254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67150.529457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66366.887906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66961.762224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1113620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    349126000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1462746000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.720676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.845518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.747254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65150.646463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64366.887906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64961.851046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4220                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4220                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4220                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4220                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.374110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  32179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                24146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.332685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   120.042691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   151.064473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   234.266946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.234458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.295048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.457553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59011                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59011                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                30133                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               30132                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4220                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        17050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        47435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   64485                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       680640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1517888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2198528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           118585000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             51233000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            32075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10173195000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 224176                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1286700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   443647                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1140138397                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000208                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3958538                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010173                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10173195000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            443768                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000208                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3958538                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      377646                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      247740                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           110                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2654689                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10173184                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10173184                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2542260                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1282272                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       337212                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 201651                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        201651                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               302034                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158030                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       58267                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3816068                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3816068                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7378067                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3151315                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      377580                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        624809                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     247229                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34123      0.86%      0.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3129013     79.04%     79.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2775      0.07%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     30489      0.77%     80.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2624      0.07%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1168      0.03%     80.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    36808      0.93%     81.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    31008      0.78%     82.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36353      0.92%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1974      0.05%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               12465      0.31%     83.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                4986      0.13%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               7479      0.19%     84.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2493      0.06%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   323273      8.17%     92.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  238710      6.03%     98.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               54307      1.37%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               8519      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3958567                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    17                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2602446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2602446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2602446                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2602446                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          52243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              52243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         52243                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             52243                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2970634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2970634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2970634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2970634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2654689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2654689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.019680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.019680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56861.857091                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56861.857091                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56861.857091                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56861.857091                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        52243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         52243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        52243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2866150000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2866150000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2866150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2866150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54861.895374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54861.895374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54861.895374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54861.895374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      51991                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2602446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2602446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         52243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             52243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2970634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2970634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2654689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56861.857091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56861.857091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        52243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2866150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2866150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54861.895374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54861.895374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               245.636696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1765981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 51991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.967052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   245.636696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.959518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.959518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2706931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2706931                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               45748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              45748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        96688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        96688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  96688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3260160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3260160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3260160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            71708000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          243986750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2406208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          521664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2927872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2406208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2406208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       332288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           332288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            37597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                45748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          236524317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           51278286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              287802603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     236524317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         236524317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        32663092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              32663092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        32663092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         236524317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          51278286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             320465694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4211.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     37597.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7478.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001527068500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           240                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           240                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                97835                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3940                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        45748                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5192                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      45748                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5192                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     673                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    981                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             15129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              4103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     388358000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   225375000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1233514250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8615.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27365.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32523                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3509                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  45748                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5192                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    45075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     238.420455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    157.794628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    257.385650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4363     33.01%     33.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4836     36.58%     69.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1521     11.51%     81.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          812      6.14%     87.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          200      1.51%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          420      3.18%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          158      1.20%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          222      1.68%     94.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          687      5.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      186.962500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      40.166532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     437.035040                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            203     84.58%     84.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      2.08%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.42%     87.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.42%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            4      1.67%     89.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      1.25%     90.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      1.25%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.83%     92.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      2.08%     94.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.42%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.83%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.42%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.42%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.42%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            5      2.08%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.412500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.380384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.051324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                80     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.83%     34.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               139     57.92%     92.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      7.08%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2884800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    43072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   267456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2927872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                332288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        283.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         26.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     287.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      32.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10171083000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      199667.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2406208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       478592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       267456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 236524317.090157032013                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 47044414.267100945115                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 26290265.742473237216                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        37597                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8151                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5192                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1008978500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    224535750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 243383523250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26836.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27547.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  46876641.61                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              58747920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              31217670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            190809360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10716660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      802719840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4005650490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         533327520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5633189460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         553.728643                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1351784250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    339560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8481850750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              35657160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              18948435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            131026140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11097720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      802719840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3876705090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         641913120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5518067505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.412438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1634918750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    339560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8198716250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           615204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               615204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          615214                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              615214                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          10067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              10067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         10143                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             10143                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    620106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    620106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    625522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    625522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       625271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           625271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       625357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          625357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61597.894109                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61597.894109                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61670.314503                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61670.314503                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5672                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5672                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    599972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    599972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    605236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    605236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59597.894109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59597.894109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59670.314503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59670.314503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9887                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          372600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              372600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    301083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       377560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          377560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60702.217742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60702.217742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291163000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    291163000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58702.217742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58702.217742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         242604                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             242604                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319023000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    319023000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       247711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         247711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.020617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62467.789309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62467.789309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    308809000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    308809000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60467.789309                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60467.789309                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            10                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                10                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           86                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            86                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.883721                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.883721                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.883721                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883721                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.414113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  567450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.393547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.414113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                635500                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               635500                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           14645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          14645                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1992                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16637                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             45749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37598                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            45749                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2525270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3071965000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2525270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3071965000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        52243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           62386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        52243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          62386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.803608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.733322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.803608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.733322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67165.008777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67070.911545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67148.243677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67165.008777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67070.911545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67148.243677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5192                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5192                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2450076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    530393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2980469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2450076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    530393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2980469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.803608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.803608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65165.061971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65070.911545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65148.287394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65165.061971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65070.911545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65148.287394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     48433                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          14645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            45749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2525270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3071965000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        52243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          62386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.803608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.733322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67165.008777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67070.911545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67148.243677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2450076000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    530393000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2980469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.803608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65165.061971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65070.911545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65148.287394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5672                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5672                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5672                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5672                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.709557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  65886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                48433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.360353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   123.181236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   145.131858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   240.396463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.240588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.283461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.469524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               117003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              117003                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                62386                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               62385                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5672                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        25958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104485                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  130443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1012160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3343488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4355648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           261210000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             90746000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            50715000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15323739000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 210856                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1286700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   419360                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    14.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1076927331                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000202                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5967081                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015324                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15323739000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            669846                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000202                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5967081                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      570192                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      366979                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           128                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3977950                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15323728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15323728                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3840863                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1924014                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       507480                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 310632                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        310632                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               464266                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              243104                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88715                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5747208                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5747208                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11114349                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4753787                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      570088                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        936268                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     366180                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 53359      0.89%      0.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4713761     79.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4034      0.07%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     47803      0.80%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4099      0.07%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1828      0.03%     80.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    57521      0.96%     81.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    48474      0.81%     82.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   56803      0.95%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   3085      0.05%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               18220      0.31%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                7288      0.12%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              10932      0.18%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               3644      0.06%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   486775      8.16%     92.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  353027      5.92%     98.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               83313      1.40%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13153      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5967119                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    20                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3896706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3896706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3896706                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3896706                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          81244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              81244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         81244                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             81244                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4619955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4619955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4619955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4619955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3977950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3977950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3977950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3977950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56865.183891                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56865.183891                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56865.183891                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56865.183891                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        81244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         81244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        81244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4457469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4457469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4457469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4457469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54865.208508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54865.208508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54865.208508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54865.208508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      80992                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3896706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3896706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         81244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             81244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4619955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4619955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3977950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3977950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56865.183891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56865.183891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        81244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4457469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4457469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54865.208508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54865.208508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               247.439385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2675766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 80992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.037411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   247.439385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.966560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.966560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4059193                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4059193                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               69291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              69291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       145192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       145192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 145192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4857664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4857664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4857664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           102341000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          369599000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3738560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          696064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4434624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3738560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3738560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       423040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           423040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            58415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                69291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          243971788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           45423901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              289395689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     243971788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         243971788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        27606839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              27606839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        27606839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         243971788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          45423901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             317002528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5099.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     58415.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9831.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001527068500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           291                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           291                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               146896                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4791                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        69291                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6610                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      69291                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6610                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1045                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1511                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              14923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             23467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     596039500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   341230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1875652000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8733.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27483.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     49038                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4254                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  69291                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6610                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    68246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        20035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     234.236486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    155.498113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    253.817675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6717     33.53%     33.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7398     36.93%     70.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2199     10.98%     81.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1255      6.26%     87.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          287      1.43%     89.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          636      3.17%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          219      1.09%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          333      1.66%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          991      4.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         20035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      232.886598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      49.647380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     485.387891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            229     78.69%     78.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9      3.09%     81.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      1.37%     83.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            5      1.72%     84.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      1.72%     86.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            5      1.72%     88.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            5      1.72%     90.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      1.03%     91.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      1.72%     92.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      1.03%     93.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.69%     94.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.34%     94.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.69%     95.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.69%     96.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            7      2.41%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.69%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.460481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.429354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.034401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                90     30.93%     30.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      1.37%     32.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               172     59.11%     91.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                23      7.90%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4367744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    66880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   325184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4434624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                423040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        285.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         21.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     289.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      27.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15321627000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      201863.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3738560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       629184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       325184                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 243971787.825412601233                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 41059430.730319797993                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 21220930.479173522443                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        58415                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10876                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6610                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1571018750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    304633250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 362321598750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26894.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28009.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  54814160.17                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              89935440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              47801820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            289869720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            14683860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1209611520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6089980890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         755911200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8497794450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         554.550978                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1912630750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    511680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12899428250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              53114460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              28231005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            197406720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11838960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1209611520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5848210830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         959507040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8307920535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.160143                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2443483750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    511680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12368575250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           923289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               923289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          923303                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              923303                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          13754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              13754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         13830                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             13830                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    837315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    837315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    842731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    842731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       937043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           937043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       937133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          937133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60877.926421                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60877.926421                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60934.996385                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60934.996385                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7177                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7177                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    809807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    809807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    815071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    815071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58877.926421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58877.926421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58934.996385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58934.996385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13574                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          562612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              562612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    461343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       570102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          570102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61594.526035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61594.526035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    446363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59594.526035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59594.526035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         360677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             360677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375972000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    375972000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       366941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         366941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60021.072797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60021.072797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363444000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363444000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017071                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017071                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58021.072797                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58021.072797                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            14                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                14                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           90                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            90                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.844444                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.844444                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.844444                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.844444                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.947154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  903059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 66.528584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.947154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                950963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               950963                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           22828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               25782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          22828                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2954                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              25782                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         58416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             69292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        58416                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10876                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            69292                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3926901000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    733102000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4660003000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3926901000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    733102000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4660003000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        81244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           95074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        81244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          95074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.786406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.728822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.786406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.728822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67223.038209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67405.479956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67251.674075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67223.038209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67405.479956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67251.674075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6610                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6610                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3810071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    711350000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4521421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3810071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    711350000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4521421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.786406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.786406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65223.072446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65405.479956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65251.702938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65223.072446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65405.479956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65251.702938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     73133                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          22828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              25782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        58416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            69292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3926901000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    733102000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4660003000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        81244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          95074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.786406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.728822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67223.038209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67405.479956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67251.674075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3810071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    711350000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4521421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.786406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65223.072446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65405.479956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65251.702938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.815525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  99210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                73133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.356570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   116.551106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   145.167469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.096951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.227639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.283530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.484564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               175896                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              175896                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                95074                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               95073                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7177                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        34837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       162487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  197324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1344448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5199552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6544000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           406215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            130959000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            69150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20441457000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 205020                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1286700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   408525                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1047585492                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000488                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7971488                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020441                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20441457000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            895216                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000488                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7971488                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      763745                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      485726                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           146                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5300996                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20441446                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20441446                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5136279                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2564248                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       677255                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 422715                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        422715                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               631868                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              330916                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      118917                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7672581                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7672581                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14839455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6349596                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      763603                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1248247                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     484644                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72303      0.91%      0.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6292789     78.94%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5308      0.07%     79.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     64778      0.81%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5548      0.07%     80.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2478      0.03%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    78035      0.98%     81.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    65678      0.82%     82.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   76928      0.97%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4179      0.05%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25120      0.32%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10048      0.13%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              15072      0.19%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               5024      0.06%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   650009      8.15%     92.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  466696      5.85%     98.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              113594      1.42%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17948      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7971535                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    21                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5191287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5191287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5191287                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5191287                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         109709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             109709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        109709                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            109709                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6233405000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6233405000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6233405000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6233405000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5300996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5300996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5300996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5300996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56817.626630                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56817.626630                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56817.626630                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56817.626630                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       109709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        109709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       109709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       109709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6013989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6013989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6013989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6013989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54817.644860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54817.644860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54817.644860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54817.644860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     109457                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5191287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5191287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        109709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            109709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6233405000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6233405000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5300996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5300996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56817.626630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56817.626630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       109709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       109709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6013989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6013989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54817.644860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54817.644860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               248.330819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3554067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                109457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.469984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.330819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.970042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.970042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5410704                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5410704                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               92514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              92514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       193037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       193037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 193037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6433472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6433472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6433472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           132559000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          493488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         5048576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          872320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             5920896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      5048576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        5048576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       512576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           512576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            78884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                92514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8009                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8009                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          246977307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           42674062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              289651369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     246977307                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         246977307                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        25075316                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              25075316                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        25075316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         246977307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          42674062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             314726685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      6022.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     78884.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12222.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001527068500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           343                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           343                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               195306                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5652                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        92514                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8009                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      92514                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8009                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1408                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1987                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               5633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               4115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              20179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             31667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              4459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              8551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     793805000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   455530000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2502042500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8712.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27462.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     65385                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5004                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  92514                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8009                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    91106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        26710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     232.659528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    154.682340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    252.492048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          8991     33.66%     33.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9904     37.08%     70.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2892     10.83%     81.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1690      6.33%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          371      1.39%     89.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          836      3.13%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          280      1.05%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          453      1.70%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1293      4.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         26710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      265.349854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      57.684061                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     510.712145                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            258     75.22%     75.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           10      2.92%     78.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            6      1.75%     79.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           10      2.92%     82.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            6      1.75%     84.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            5      1.46%     86.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            6      1.75%     87.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            6      1.75%     89.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            8      2.33%     91.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            4      1.17%     93.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            4      1.17%     94.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            3      0.87%     95.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.58%     95.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.58%     96.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            7      2.04%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.58%     98.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            3      0.87%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.475219                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.444134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.033842                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               104     30.32%     30.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      1.46%     31.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               204     59.48%     91.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                27      7.87%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 3      0.87%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 5830784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    90112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   383616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  5920896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                512576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        285.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         18.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     289.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      25.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20439345000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      203330.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      5048576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       782208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       383616                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 246977306.950282454491                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 38265765.498026877642                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 18766568.351756922901                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        78884                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13630                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8009                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   2116169250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    385873250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 486232403000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26826.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28310.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  60710750.78                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             119709240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              63623175                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            385781340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            16599600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1613430000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8086899510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1039499040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11325541905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         554.047684                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2632746750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    682500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  17126210250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              71007300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              37741275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            264715500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            14689080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1613430000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7827749580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1257730560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11087063295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.381264                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3201685250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    682500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16557271750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1231839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1231839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1231857                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1231857                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          17491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              17491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         17567                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             17567                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1057418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1057418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1062834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1062834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1249330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1249330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1249424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1249424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60454.976845                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60454.976845                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60501.736210                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60501.736210                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8674                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8674                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1022436000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1022436000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1027700000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1027700000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58454.976845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58454.976845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58501.736210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58501.736210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      17311                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          753616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              753616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         10035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             10035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    619358000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    619358000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       763651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          763651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61719.780767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61719.780767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    599288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    599288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59719.780767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59719.780767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         478223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             478223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438060000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    438060000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       485679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         485679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015352                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015352                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58752.682403                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58752.682403                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    423148000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    423148000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015352                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015352                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56752.682403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56752.682403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            18                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                18                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           94                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            94                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.808511                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.808511                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.808511                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808511                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.210744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1206195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 17311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 69.677950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.210744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1266991                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1266991                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           30824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               34761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          30824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3937                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              34761                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         78885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             92515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        78885                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13630                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            92515                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5297552000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    921916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6219468000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5297552000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    921916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6219468000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       109709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          127276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       109709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         127276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.726885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.726885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67155.378082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67638.738078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67226.590283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67155.378082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67638.738078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67226.590283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8009                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8009                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5139784000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    894656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6034440000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5139784000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    894656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6034440000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65155.403435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65638.738078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65226.611901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65155.403435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65638.738078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65226.611901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     97454                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          30824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              34761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        78885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            92515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5297552000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    921916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6219468000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       109709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         127276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.726885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67155.378082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67638.738078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67226.590283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5139784000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    894656000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6034440000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65155.403435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65638.738078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65226.611901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8674                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8674                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8674                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8674                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.362430                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 133544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                97454                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.370329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   119.513540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   144.050688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.798202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.233425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.281349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.482028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               233916                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              233916                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               127276                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              127275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8674                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        43808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       219417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  263225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1679424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7021312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8700736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           548540000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            170646000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            87835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20441457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25574523000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 203476                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1286700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   406006                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1040742013                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9976898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025575                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25574523000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1120811                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9976898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      956818                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      604060                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6622910                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25574523                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25574523                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6432270                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3204746                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       847128                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 533860                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        533860                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               798094                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              417965                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      149174                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9599299                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9599299                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18566093                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7947583                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      956639                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1559332                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     602693                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 91364      0.92%      0.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7873848     78.92%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     6569      0.07%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81832      0.82%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    7015      0.07%     80.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     3134      0.03%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    98593      0.99%     81.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    83034      0.83%     82.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   97250      0.97%     83.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5287      0.05%     83.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               31680      0.32%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               12672      0.13%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              19008      0.19%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               6336      0.06%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   813209      8.15%     92.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  580137      5.81%     98.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              143430      1.44%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              22556      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9976954                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6484453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6484453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6484453                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6484453                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         138457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             138457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        138457                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            138457                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7867298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7867298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7867298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7867298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6622910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6622910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6622910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6622910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56821.236918                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56821.236918                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56821.236918                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56821.236918                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        138457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       138457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7590384000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7590384000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7590384000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7590384000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54821.236918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54821.236918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54821.236918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54821.236918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     138206                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6484453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6484453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        138457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            138457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7867298000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7867298000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6622910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6622910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56821.236918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56821.236918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       138457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7590384000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7590384000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54821.236918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54821.236918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               248.866551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6622910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                138457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 47.833696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.866551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.972135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6761367                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6761367                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              115896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             115896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       241178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       241178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 241178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      8018048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      8018048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 8018048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           162826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          618223750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         6370944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1046400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             7417344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      6370944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        6370944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       600704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           600704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            99546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            16350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               115896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          249112916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           40915719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              290028635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     249112916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         249112916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        23488376                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              23488376                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        23488376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         249112916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          40915719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             313517011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      6878.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     99546.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     14576.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001527068500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           392                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           392                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               244008                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6461                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       115896                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9386                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     115896                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9386                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1774                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2508                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               7006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               5089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              25513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             40061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              5534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             10711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     998048750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   570610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               3137836250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8745.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27495.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     81826                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5707                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 115896                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9386                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   114122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        33433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     231.539377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    154.123526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    251.400237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         11285     33.75%     33.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12429     37.18%     70.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3597     10.76%     81.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2119      6.34%     88.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          456      1.36%     89.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1046      3.13%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          339      1.01%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          574      1.72%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1588      4.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         33433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      288.783163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      65.422335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     517.673673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            279     71.17%     71.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           16      4.08%     75.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            8      2.04%     77.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           13      3.32%     80.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           10      2.55%     83.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      1.79%     84.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            7      1.79%     86.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            6      1.53%     88.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           11      2.81%     91.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            6      1.53%     92.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            5      1.28%     93.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            3      0.77%     94.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            4      1.02%     95.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            3      0.77%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            8      2.04%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.51%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            3      0.77%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          392                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.479592                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.449071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.023805                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               117     29.85%     29.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      1.53%     31.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               236     60.20%     91.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                30      7.65%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 3      0.77%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            392                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 7303808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   113536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   438528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  7417344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                600704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        285.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         17.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     290.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      23.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25574164000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      204132.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      6370944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       932864                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       438528                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 249112916.006292670965                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 36476301.043816149235                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 17147064.678391069174                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        99546                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        16350                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9386                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   2671459250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    466377000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 603462209250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26836.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28524.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  64293864.19                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             150418380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              79934085                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            486184020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            18551880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2018477760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       10159977540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1264846560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14178390225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         554.395100                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3201172000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    853840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  21519511000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              88350360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              46944150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            328647060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            17215560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2018477760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9763448490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1598765760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13861849140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.017896                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4071480500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    853840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20649202500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1539449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1539449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1539473                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1539473                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          21273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              21273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         21349                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             21349                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1276351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1276351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1281767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1281767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1560722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1560722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1560822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1560822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59998.636770                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59998.636770                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60038.737177                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60038.737177                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10094                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10094                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1233805000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1233805000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1239069000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1239069000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57998.636770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57998.636770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58038.737177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58038.737177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      21093                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          944027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              944027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    781059000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    781059000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       956718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          956718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61544.322748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61544.322748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    755677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    755677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59544.322748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59544.322748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         595422                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             595422                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8582                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8582                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    495292000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    495292000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       604004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         604004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57712.887439                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57712.887439                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478128000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    478128000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014209                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014209                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55712.887439                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55712.887439                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            24                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                24                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          100                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           100                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.760000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.760000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.760000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.369156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1560822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 21349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 73.109841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.369156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1582171                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1582171                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           38911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               43910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          38911                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4999                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              43910                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         99546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            115896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        99546                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16350                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           115896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6686136000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1108575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7794711000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6686136000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1108575000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7794711000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       138457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        21349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          159806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       138457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        21349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         159806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.718967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.765844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.725229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.718967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.765844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.725229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67166.294979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67802.752294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67256.083040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67166.294979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67802.752294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67256.083040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9386                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9386                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       115896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       115896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6487044000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1075875000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7562919000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6487044000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1075875000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7562919000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.718967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.765844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.725229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.718967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.765844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.725229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65166.294979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65802.752294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65256.083040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65166.294979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65802.752294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65256.083040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    121865                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          38911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              43910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        99546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           115896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6686136000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1108575000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7794711000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       138457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        21349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         159806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.718967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.765844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.725229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67166.294979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67802.752294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67256.083040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       115896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6487044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1075875000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7562919000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.718967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.765844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.725229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65166.294979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65802.752294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65256.083040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10094                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10094                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10094                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10094                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.691107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 169900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               122377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.388333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   117.115901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   143.360946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.214260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.228742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.280002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.488700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               292277                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              292277                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               159806                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              159806                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10094                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        52792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       276914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  329706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2012352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8861248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10873600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           692285000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            210276000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           106745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25574523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
