
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3865229000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 230477                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1455420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   402344                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     4.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              885506270                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1005967                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003865                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3865229000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            175664                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1005967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      242818                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      109650                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1318966                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           197                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3865218                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3865218                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               790039                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              614436                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       125681                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 228755                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        228755                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               298240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              191100                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       39256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1632283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1632283                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3379522                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1419325                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      242790                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        352409                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     109619                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13820      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1218945     69.41%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11643      0.66%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     73003      4.16%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     141      0.01%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       26      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    11254      0.64%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      382      0.02%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3927      0.22%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               23154      1.32%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                7810      0.44%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 224      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              39488      2.25%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   149285      8.50%     88.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   77448      4.41%     92.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               93505      5.32%     98.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              32171      1.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1756226                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245807000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    245807000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245807000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    245807000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66416.373953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66416.373953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66416.373953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66416.373953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238405000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    238405000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238405000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    238405000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64416.373953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64416.373953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64416.373953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64416.373953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3445                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245807000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245807000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66416.373953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66416.373953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238405000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238405000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64416.373953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64416.373953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.553716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  302775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 87.888244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.553716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.982632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1322667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1322667                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        15921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       580672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       580672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  580672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            17973000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           36307750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          205632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          232640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              438272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       205632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         205632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       142400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           142400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           53200470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           60187896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              113388366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      53200470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          53200470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        36841284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              36841284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        36841284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          53200470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          60187896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             150229650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1545.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3213.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3032.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000557746750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            89                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            89                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15647                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1425                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6848                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2225                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6848                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2225                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     603                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    680                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      54560500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    31225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                171654250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8736.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27486.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4630                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1285                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6848                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2225                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     269.292842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    179.104100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    267.594000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           523     28.36%     28.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          635     34.44%     62.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          239     12.96%     75.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          141      7.65%     83.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           81      4.39%     87.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           47      2.55%     90.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           48      2.60%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      1.57%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          101      5.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           89                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       65.258427                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      43.658281                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     106.583677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              35     39.33%     39.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             28     31.46%     70.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             13     14.61%     85.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             4      4.49%     89.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            5      5.62%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      1.12%     96.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      1.12%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      1.12%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      1.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             89                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           89                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.011236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.980027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.038950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                44     49.44%     49.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      3.37%     52.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                39     43.82%     96.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      3.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             89                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  399680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    38592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    96896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   438272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                142400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        103.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         25.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     113.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      36.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3830641000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      422202.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       205632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       194048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        96896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 53200470.140320278704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 50203493.764535039663                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 25068631.121209118515                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2225                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     89441750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     82212500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  34638411750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27837.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22616.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  15567825.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5205060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2766555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17700060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2865780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      304861440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         497818620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1065032640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1896250155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         490.591930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2763792250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    128960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    972476750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7961100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4231425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             26889240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             5037300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      304861440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         882460320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         741123840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1972564665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         510.335782                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1918202500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    128960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1818066500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    288535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    289836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43401.774970                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43401.774970                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43486.271568                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43486.271568                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    275241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276508000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    276508000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41402.075812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41402.075812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41486.571643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41486.571643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6408                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    140871000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140871000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42202.216896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42202.216896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134195000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134195000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40202.216896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40202.216896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147664000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147664000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44611.480363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44611.480363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    141046000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141046000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42612.084592                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42612.084592                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1301000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1301000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76529.411765                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76529.411765                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1267000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1267000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74529.411765                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74529.411765                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.169184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  266173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.537609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.169184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.973317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.973317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                359112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               359112                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222555000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    441650000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222555000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    441650000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.660718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68190.164955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61208.745875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64483.866258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68190.164955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61208.745875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64483.866258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    427954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    427954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66190.164955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59209.295930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62484.158271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66190.164955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59209.295930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62484.158271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8236                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222555000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    441650000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68190.164955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61208.745875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64483.866258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    427954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66190.164955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59209.295930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62484.158271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.361647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.362069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   110.268212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    88.473531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   300.619904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.215368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.172800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.587148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.975316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22635                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10366                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10365                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3521                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       651840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       236864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            18505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             27971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            33320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8025250000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 223554                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1482068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   411814                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              894498410                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2005601                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008025                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8025250000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            418358                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2005601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448446                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      218980                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2594285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           353                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8025239                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8025239                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2001511                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1301919                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       310647                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 272041                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        272041                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               357051                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              226164                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       78203                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3541298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3541298                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7032186                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2982030                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      447966                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        666797                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     218831                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21798      0.59%      0.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2802346     75.85%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12786      0.35%     76.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81041      2.19%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     474      0.01%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      146      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14328      0.39%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4812      0.13%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10968      0.30%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25788      0.70%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9641      0.26%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 236      0.01%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              43167      1.17%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   339209      9.18%     91.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  184003      4.98%     96.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              108757      2.94%     99.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34828      0.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3694706                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    962466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    962466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60350.263356                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60350.263356                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60350.263356                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60350.263356                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    930572000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    930572000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    930572000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    930572000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58350.388763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58350.388763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58350.388763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58350.388763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15691                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    962466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60350.263356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60350.263356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    930572000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    930572000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58350.388763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58350.388763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.858521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2452660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                156.309987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.858521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2610232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2610232                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4766                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        41278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        41278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  41278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1473408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1473408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1473408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            42086000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           97748750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          747136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          421248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1168384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       747136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         747136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       305024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           305024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            11674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           93098159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           52490327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              145588486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      93098159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          93098159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        38008037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              38008037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        38008037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          93098159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          52490327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             183596523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3232.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     11674.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5464.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005129820750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           188                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           188                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                40980                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3012                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18256                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4766                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4766                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1118                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1534                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     195494000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    85690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                516831500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11407.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30157.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10746                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2677                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18256                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4766                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    17133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     188.233116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.757601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    196.149993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2943     42.56%     42.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2306     33.35%     75.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          803     11.61%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          349      5.05%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          158      2.28%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           98      1.42%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           76      1.10%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           45      0.65%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          137      1.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       90.031915                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      58.527695                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     111.229584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              56     29.79%     29.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             46     24.47%     54.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             34     18.09%     72.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            15      7.98%     80.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           13      6.91%     87.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            6      3.19%     90.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            5      2.66%     93.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.53%     93.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            3      1.60%     95.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.53%     95.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            3      1.60%     97.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      1.06%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.53%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.53%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.53%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.021277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.990443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.028770                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                92     48.94%     48.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      2.66%     51.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                86     45.74%     97.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      2.66%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1096832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    71552                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   204800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1168384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                305024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        136.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         25.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     145.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      38.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7998839000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      347443.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       747136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       349696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       204800                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 93098158.935858696699                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 43574468.085106387734                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 25519454.222609888762                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4766                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    356465000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    160366500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 193310707750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30534.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24364.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  40560366.71                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              23055060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12254055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             54142620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             9041040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      633079200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1895272800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1485676800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4112521575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         512.447784                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3839480750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    267800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3917969250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              26318040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13988370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             68222700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7662960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      633079200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2240305770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1195122720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4184699760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         521.441670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3081978500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    267800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4675471500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    561407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    561407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    568095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    568095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39918.017634                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39918.017634                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40074.421558                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40074.421558                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533279000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    533279000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    539743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    539743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37918.017634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37918.017634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38074.421558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38074.421558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    327475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39138.878929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39138.878929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    310741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37138.878929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37138.878929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233932000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    233932000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41062.313498                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41062.313498                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222538000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222538000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39062.313498                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39062.313498                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      6688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      6688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59714.285714                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59714.285714                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      6464000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6464000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57714.285714                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57714.285714                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.710050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  641150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 46.059626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.710050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                681571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               681571                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               11867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              11867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827969000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1242434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827969000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1242434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           30124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          30124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.606062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70918.115632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62969.462170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68052.473024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70918.115632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62969.462170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68052.473024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    804621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401301000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    804621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401301000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68918.286938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60969.462170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66052.582571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68918.286938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60969.462170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66052.582571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21520                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              11867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414465000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1242434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          30124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70918.115632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62969.462170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68052.473024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    804621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68918.286938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60969.462170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66052.582571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.912946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  34798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.617007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    91.691231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   173.850153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   240.371563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.179084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.339551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.469476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59240                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                30124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               30123                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   67331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1020608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2381248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            79735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             65544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            70880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12419434000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 162810                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1500152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   306564                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              673983443                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000028                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012419                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12419434000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            664460                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      697620                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      342414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3884533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           496                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12419423                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12419423                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3254303                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1920834                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       492688                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 294691                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        294691                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               386572                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              244092                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      123353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5479530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5479530                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10799401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4546091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      696568                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1038730                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     342162                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27846      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4364601     77.26%     77.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12970      0.23%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81801      1.45%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     634      0.01%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      258      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16254      0.29%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8906      0.16%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15855      0.28%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               26705      0.47%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9727      0.17%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 243      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              44129      0.78%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   579445     10.26%     91.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  306652      5.43%     97.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              117123      2.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              35510      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5649037                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   246                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1773395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1773395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1773395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1773395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58671.177132                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58671.177132                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58671.177132                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58671.177132                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1712943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1712943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1712943000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1712943000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56671.177132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56671.177132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56671.177132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56671.177132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      29970                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1773395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1773395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58671.177132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58671.177132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1712943000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1712943000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56671.177132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56671.177132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.616209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3584451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                119.601301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.616209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3914759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3914759                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               31046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              31046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        68215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        68215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  68215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2378816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2378816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2378816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            61661000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          166485250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1366592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          620352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1986944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1366592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1366592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       391872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           391872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            21353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                31046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6123                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6123                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          110036577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           49950102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              159986679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     110036577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         110036577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        31553129                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              31553129                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        31553129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         110036577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          49950102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             191539808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4148.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     21353.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8175.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005129820750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           241                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           241                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                68220                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3879                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        31046                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6123                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      31046                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6123                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1518                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1975                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     342113250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   147640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                895763250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11586.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30336.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     18123                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3433                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  31046                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6123                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    29514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     178.090638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    127.738576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    180.879718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5423     44.85%     44.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3882     32.10%     76.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1337     11.06%     88.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          698      5.77%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          262      2.17%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          158      1.31%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          101      0.84%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           61      0.50%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          170      1.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      118.560166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      73.168124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     140.686403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              57     23.65%     23.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             51     21.16%     44.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             41     17.01%     61.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            24      9.96%     71.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           20      8.30%     80.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            9      3.73%     83.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            7      2.90%     86.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            3      1.24%     87.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      0.83%     88.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      1.66%     90.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      1.24%     91.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            7      2.90%     94.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            3      1.24%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      0.83%     96.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.41%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.41%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            2      0.83%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.41%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.41%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.095436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.065363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.014078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               108     44.81%     44.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 7      2.90%     47.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               121     50.21%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      2.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1889792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    97152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   263680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1986944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                391872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        152.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         21.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     159.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      31.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12418979000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      334121.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1366592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       523200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       263680                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 110036576.546080917120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 42127523.685862012208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 21231241.294893149287                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6123                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    649333250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    246430000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 294297619250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30409.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25423.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  48064285.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              34286280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              18223590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             82774020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10121580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      980350800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3269812980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2015536320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6411105570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         516.215600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5204027250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    414700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6800706750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              52050600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              27665550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            128055900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11384820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      980350800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3964437210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1430589600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6594534480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         530.985106                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3675572000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    414700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8329162000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    828449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    828449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    837329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    837329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41428.664300                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41428.664300                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41556.851457                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41556.851457                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    788457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    788457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    797033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    797033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39428.764315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39428.764315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39556.950717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39556.950717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19892                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    552247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    552247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41980.007602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41980.007602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    525939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    525939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39980.159635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39980.159635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276202000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    276202000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40368.605671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40368.605671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38368.605671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38368.605671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8880000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      8880000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58421.052632                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58421.052632                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8576000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8576000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56421.052632                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56421.052632                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.874084                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  997705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 50.156093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.874084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1060146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1060146                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            8873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         21353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1511715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    622055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2133770000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1511715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    622055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2133770000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           50375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          50375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.616318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70796.375217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64169.073654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68727.091184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70796.375217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64169.073654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68727.091184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1469009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    602669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2071678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1469009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    602669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2071678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68796.375217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62169.279967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66727.155603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68796.375217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62169.279967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66727.155603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     35462                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1511715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    622055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2133770000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          50375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70796.375217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64169.073654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68727.091184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1469009000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    602669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2071678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68796.375217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62169.279967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66727.155603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.066638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                35462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.610738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    87.570758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   205.408180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   215.087700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.171037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.401188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.420093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                95484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               95484                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                50375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               50374                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        49432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        60452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  109884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1874112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1934464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3808576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           151130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             96050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           100740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16622214000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 149662                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1516712                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   283327                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              621907034                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000105                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7572714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016622                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16622214000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            871669                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7572714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      972827                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           114                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      532043                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5195338                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           716                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16622203                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16622203                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4243397                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2453137                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       635436                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 316759                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        316759                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               422078                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              261358                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174575                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7387297                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7387297                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14672249                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6053330                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      971535                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1503232                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     531697                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 31569      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5806697     76.68%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13871      0.18%     77.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81808      1.08%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     737      0.01%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.02%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19140      0.25%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11530      0.15%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18195      0.24%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               28324      0.37%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  18      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9762      0.13%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 251      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              45971      0.61%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  6      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   849078     11.21%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  493116      6.51%     97.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              122457      1.62%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38581      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7572751                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           14550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11959                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2591                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          14550                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data          865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2370                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data          865                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3235                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    140435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     55036000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    195471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    140435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     55036000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    195471000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        17785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        17785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.165399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.250289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.181895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.165399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.250289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.181895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59255.274262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63625.433526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60423.802164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59255.274262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63625.433526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60423.802164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135695000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     53306000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     53306000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.165399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.250289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.165399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.250289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57255.274262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61625.433526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58423.802164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57255.274262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61625.433526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58423.802164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   124                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          14550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    140435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     55036000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        17785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.165399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.250289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.181895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59255.274262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63625.433526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60423.802164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135695000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     53306000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189001000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.165399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.250289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57255.274262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61625.433526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58423.802164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1752                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1752                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1752                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1752                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          374.164951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.346774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      12419498000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    43.754773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   189.052374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   141.357804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.001078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.002855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1641                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025520                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            23006                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           23006                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5144493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5144493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5144493                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5144493                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          50845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              50845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         50845                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             50845                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2275803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2275803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2275803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2275803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5195338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5195338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44759.622382                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44759.622382                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44759.622382                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44759.622382                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         50845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2174115000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2174115000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2174115000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2174115000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42759.661717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42759.661717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42759.661717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42759.661717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      50588                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5144493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5144493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         50845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             50845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2275803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2275803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5195338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44759.622382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44759.622382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2174115000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2174115000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42759.661717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42759.661717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.966088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5174532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 50588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                102.287736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.966088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5246182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5246182                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               34281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        68215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        68215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  74685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2378816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2378816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       207040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       207040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2585856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            64896000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           17265500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          166485250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1518272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          675712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2193984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1518272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1518272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       391872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           391872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            23723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                34281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6123                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6123                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           91339938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           40651143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              131991081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      91339938                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          91339938                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        23575199                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              23575199                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        23575199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          91339938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          40651143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             155566280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4148.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     23723.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9036.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005129820750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           241                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           241                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                75760                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3879                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        34281                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6123                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      34281                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6123                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1522                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1975                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     369197500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   163795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                983428750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11270.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30020.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     20411                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3433                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  34281                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6123                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    32745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     181.079638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    128.803005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    185.971300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5829     44.72%     44.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4149     31.83%     76.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1434     11.00%     87.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          755      5.79%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          294      2.26%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          183      1.40%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          115      0.88%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           72      0.55%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          203      1.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      118.560166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      73.168124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     140.686403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              57     23.65%     23.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             51     21.16%     44.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             41     17.01%     61.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            24      9.96%     71.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           20      8.30%     80.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            9      3.73%     83.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            7      2.90%     86.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            3      1.24%     87.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      0.83%     88.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      1.66%     90.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      1.24%     91.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            7      2.90%     94.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            3      1.24%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      0.83%     96.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.41%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.41%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            2      0.83%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.41%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.41%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.095436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.065363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.014078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               108     44.81%     44.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 7      2.90%     47.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               121     50.21%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      2.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2096576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    97408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   263680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2193984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                391872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        126.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     131.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      23.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16617274000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      411277.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1518272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       578304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       263680                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 91339938.229648590088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 34791033.252249069512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15863109.451003339142                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        23723                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10558                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6123                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    710785750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    272643000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 294297619250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29961.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25823.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  48064285.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              37263660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              19806105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             92627220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10121580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1311641760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3671076450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3291497760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8434034535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.395377                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8517189250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    554840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7550184750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              55806240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              29657925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            141272040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11384820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1311641760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4486353720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2604948480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8641064985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         519.850423                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6723510750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    554840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9343863250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1477008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1477008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1477866                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1477866                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26967                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26967                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    997582000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    997582000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1006800000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1006800000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1503811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1503811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1504833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1504833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37219.042644                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37219.042644                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37334.519969                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37334.519969                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11927                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11927                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    943976000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    943976000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    952866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    952866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35219.042644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35219.042644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35334.519969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35334.519969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      26711                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          952736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              952736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    692083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    692083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       971805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          971805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36293.617914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36293.617914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    653945000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    653945000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34293.617914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34293.617914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         524272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             524272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305499000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    305499000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       532006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         532006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39500.775795                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39500.775795                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    290031000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    290031000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37500.775795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37500.775795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      9218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56207.317073                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56207.317073                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8890000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8890000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54207.317073                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54207.317073                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.411603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 26711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 49.475759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.411603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1531800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1531800                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15162                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13818                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28980                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         35683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1833687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    720289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2553976000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1833687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    720289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2553976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           77812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          77812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51388.252109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54778.994600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52301.277851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51388.252109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54778.994600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52301.277851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7875                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7875                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1762323000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    693991000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2456314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1762323000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    693991000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2456314000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49388.308158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52778.994600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50301.318807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49388.308158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52778.994600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50301.318807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54473                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              28980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1833687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    720289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2553976000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          77812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51388.252109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54778.994600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52301.277851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1762323000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    693991000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2456314000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49388.308158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52778.994600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50301.318807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.061154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.631726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.531353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   222.101314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   202.428487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.165100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.433792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.395368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               144724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              144724                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                77812                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               77811                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  167550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2489216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3254016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5743232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           254220000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            137447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           134835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16622214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20777812000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 160176                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1528372                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   299467                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    31.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              665616068                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9348105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020778                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20777812000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1057033                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9348105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1236413                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           123                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      685230                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6535633                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1479                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20777812                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20777812                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5186268                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2991820                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       765641                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 389390                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        389390                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               552091                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              323565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      214661                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9112472                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9112472                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18192280                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7429438                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1235121                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1919966                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     684845                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 32836      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7125321     76.22%     76.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17353      0.19%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82207      0.88%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2241      0.02%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    22346      0.24%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11550      0.12%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20641      0.22%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               43801      0.47%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  90      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10558      0.11%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 374      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              57164      0.61%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 54      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1098142     11.75%     91.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636897      6.81%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              136979      1.47%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              47948      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9348142                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        31556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           38739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        31556                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7183                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          38739                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data          942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3241                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data          942                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4183                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    190817000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     60329000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    251146000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    190817000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     60329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    251146000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        34797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        42922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        34797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        42922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58875.964209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64043.524416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60039.684437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58875.964209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64043.524416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60039.684437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     58445000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    242780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     58445000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    242780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56875.964209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62043.524416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58039.684437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56875.964209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62043.524416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58039.684437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   143                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        31556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          38739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    190817000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     60329000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    251146000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        34797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        42922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58875.964209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64043.524416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60039.684437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     58445000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    242780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56875.964209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62043.524416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58039.684437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5573                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5573                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5573                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5573                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1106.127141                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              48495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            10.971719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      12419498000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    82.386539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   725.800751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   297.939851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.005537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.002273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.008439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.032631                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            52915                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           52915                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6459980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6459980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6459980                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6459980                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          75653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              75653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         75653                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             75653                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2778974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2778974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2778974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2778974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6535633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6535633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36733.163259                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36733.163259                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36733.163259                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36733.163259                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2627668000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2627668000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2627668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2627668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34733.163259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34733.163259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34733.163259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34733.163259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      75397                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6459980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6459980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         75653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             75653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2778974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2778974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6535633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36733.163259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36733.163259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2627668000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2627668000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34733.163259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34733.163259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.172872                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6535633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 75653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.389608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.172872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6611286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6611286                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35229                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35229                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        68215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        68215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  76581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2378816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2378816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       267712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       267712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2646528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            65844000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22294750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          166485250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1574016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          680640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2254656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1574016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1574016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       391872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           391872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            24594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6123                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6123                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           75754656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           32758021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              108512677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      75754656                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          75754656                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        18860119                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              18860119                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        18860119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          75754656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32758021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             127372796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4148.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     24594.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9113.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005129820750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           241                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           241                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                78724                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3879                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35229                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6123                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35229                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6123                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1522                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1975                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     375524250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   168535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1007530500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11140.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29890.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     21164                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3433                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35229                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6123                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    33693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     182.987755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    129.554941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    189.334921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5889     44.51%     44.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4205     31.78%     76.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1463     11.06%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          763      5.77%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          299      2.26%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          191      1.44%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          117      0.88%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           80      0.60%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          223      1.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      118.560166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      73.168124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     140.686403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              57     23.65%     23.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             51     21.16%     44.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             41     17.01%     61.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            24      9.96%     71.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           20      8.30%     80.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            9      3.73%     83.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            7      2.90%     86.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            3      1.24%     87.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      0.83%     88.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      1.66%     90.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      1.24%     91.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            7      2.90%     94.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            3      1.24%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      0.83%     96.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.41%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.41%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            2      0.83%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.41%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.41%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.095436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.065363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.014078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               108     44.81%     44.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 7      2.90%     47.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               121     50.21%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      2.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2157248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    97408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   263680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2254656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                391872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        103.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         12.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     108.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      18.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20757141000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      501962.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1574016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       583232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       263680                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 75754655.976288557053                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 28069943.071965422481                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 12690460.381487714127                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        24594                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10635                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6123                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    732165500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    275365000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 294297619250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29770.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25892.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  48064285.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              37927680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              20159040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             96632760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10121580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1639859520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3832739280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4751110080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10388549940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         499.982863                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12310159750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    693680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7773972250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              56534520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              30048810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            144035220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11384820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1639859520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4638989460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4072162560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10593014910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         509.823407                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10536486750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    693680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9547645250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1884548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1884548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1885590                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1885590                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          35805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              35805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         36016                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             36016                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1156277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1156277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1166414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1166414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1920353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1920353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1921606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1921606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32293.729926                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32293.729926                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32385.995113                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32385.995113                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         35805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1084667000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1084667000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1094382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1094382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30293.729926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30293.729926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30385.995113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30385.995113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      35760                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1209444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1209444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    808336000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    808336000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1235160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1235160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31433.193343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31433.193343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    756904000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    756904000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29433.193343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29433.193343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         675104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             675104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    347941000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    347941000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       685193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         685193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34487.164238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34487.164238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327763000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    327763000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32487.164238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32487.164238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     10137000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     10137000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48042.654028                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48042.654028                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9715000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9715000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46042.654028                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46042.654028                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.729285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1921606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 36016                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 53.354231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.729285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1957622                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1957622                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               37701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19503                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18198                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              37701                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             73968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            73968                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2148411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    786125000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2934536000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2148411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    786125000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2934536000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.662386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.662386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38261.994657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44119.710405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39673.047804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38261.994657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44119.710405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39673.047804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2036111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    750489000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2786600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2036111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    750489000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2786600000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36261.994657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42119.710405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37673.047804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36261.994657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42119.710405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37673.047804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     82989                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              37701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            73968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2148411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    786125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2934536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.662386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38261.994657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44119.710405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39673.047804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2036111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    750489000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2786600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36261.994657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42119.710405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37673.047804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.648928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 128162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                83501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.534856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.815200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   258.611001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   172.222727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.505100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.336373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               211663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              211663                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111669                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111669                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16493                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       151306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  239831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3360576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4841792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8202368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           378265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            194134000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           180080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20777812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
