
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4095469000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 107921                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34263560                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   222366                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              441911020                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2060798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004095                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4095469000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            239608                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2060798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      201717                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            74                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      139460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1319788                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4095458                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4095458                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1493491                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              634761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176830                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  81369                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         81369                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               136512                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69029                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43018                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1990365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1990365                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3845448                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1603860                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      201364                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        340733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     139369                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14340      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1643714     79.76%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       20      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2029      0.10%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20498      0.99%     81.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      466      0.02%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14386      0.70%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24550      1.19%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   190016      9.22%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137376      6.67%     99.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11348      0.55%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2060823                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        12205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           13835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        12205                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1630                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          13835                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2531                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2289                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4820                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142971000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    303318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    303318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.171756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.584078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.258376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.171756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.584078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.258376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63353.220071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62460.026212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62929.045643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63353.220071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62460.026212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62929.045643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          326                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              326                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    293678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    293678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.171756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.584078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.171756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.584078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61353.220071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60460.026212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60929.045643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61353.220071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60460.026212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60929.045643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2333                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        12205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          13835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    303318000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.171756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.584078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.258376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63353.220071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62460.026212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62929.045643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138393000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    293678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.171756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.584078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61353.220071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60460.026212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60929.045643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2275.364959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.570081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    87.640348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   942.492689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1245.231922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.021397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.230101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.304012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.555509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.667969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            26615                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           26615                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1298896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1298896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1298896                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1298896                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    527874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    527874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    527874000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    527874000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1319788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1319788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25266.800689                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25266.800689                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25266.800689                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25266.800689                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486092000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    486092000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486092000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    486092000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23266.896420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23266.896420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23266.896420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23266.896420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20635                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1298896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1298896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    527874000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    527874000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1319788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25266.800689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25266.800689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486092000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    486092000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23266.896420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23266.896420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.948979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1130960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 54.807851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.948979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1340679                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1340679                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4820                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4820                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       329344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       329344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  329344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6450000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           25856250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          161984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          146496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              308480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       161984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         161984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        20864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            20864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           326                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 326                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           39552002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           35770262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               75322265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      39552002                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          39552002                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         5094410                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5094410                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         5094410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          39552002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          35770262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              80416675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       301.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2531.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2260.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001887956500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            16                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            16                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10951                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 261                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4820                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         326                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4820                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       326                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      52959250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    23955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                142790500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11053.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29803.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2889                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      217                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4820                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   326                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     165.243492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    121.321597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    167.168370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           902     46.04%     46.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          667     34.05%     80.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          213     10.87%     90.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           66      3.37%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           34      1.74%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           35      1.79%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           17      0.87%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.41%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      280.437500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     134.692221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     523.928490                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              9     56.25%     56.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3     18.75%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     12.50%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      6.25%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      6.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.312500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.287646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.946485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 5     31.25%     31.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      6.25%     37.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                10     62.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  306624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    17728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   308480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 20864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         74.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      75.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4092660000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      795308.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       161984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       144640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        17728                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 39552002.469070084393                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 35317078.459145948291                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4328686.165125410073                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2531                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2289                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          326                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     75880000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     66910500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  60994021000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29980.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29231.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 187098223.93                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7118580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3779820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             16036440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              939600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      322686000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1099768260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         646539840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2096868540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         511.997171                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1668925250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    136500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2290043750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6890100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3654585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             18171300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              506340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      322686000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         976769100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         750118080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2078795505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         507.584236                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1940174750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    136500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2018794250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           334134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               334134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          334134                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              334134                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7018                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7018                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    259658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    259658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       341152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           341152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       341152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          341152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36998.860074                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36998.860074                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36998.860074                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36998.860074                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    245622000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245622000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    245622000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245622000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34998.860074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34998.860074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34998.860074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34998.860074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6762                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          197436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              197436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    105542000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105542000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24653.585611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24653.585611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22653.585611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22653.585611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         136698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             136698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154116000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    154116000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       139435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         139435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56308.366825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56308.366825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148642000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148642000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54308.366825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54308.366825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.440134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  282597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.791925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.440134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.978282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                348170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               348170                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         14737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18656                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    346853000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    189340000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    536193000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    346853000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    189340000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    536193000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           27910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          27910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.668434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.668434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23536.201398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48313.345241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28741.048456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23536.201398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48313.345241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28741.048456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    317381000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    498883000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    317381000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    498883000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21536.337111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46313.345241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26741.155660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21536.337111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46313.345241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26741.155660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     20617                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    346853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    189340000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    536193000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          27910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.668434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23536.201398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48313.345241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28741.048456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    317381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    498883000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21536.337111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46313.345241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26741.155660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              502.256597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  30145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                20617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.462143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.562166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   188.523690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   207.170741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.208129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.368210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.404630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                52837                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               52837                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                27910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               27909                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        17834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   59617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       692224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1337024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2029248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           104455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             46900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            35090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4095469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7990127000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 122117                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34279032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   251718                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              487814552                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000172                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4122980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007990                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7990127000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            489684                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000172                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4122980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      394443                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           142                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            97                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2631806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           228                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7990116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7990116                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3011815                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1279092                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       359514                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 163765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        163765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               275908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              140605                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88250                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3981115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3981115                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7662341                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3220174                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      393630                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        649063                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27738      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3319929     80.52%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     81.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     81.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.10%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    42404      1.03%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.04%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    29118      0.71%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49090      1.19%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   370010      8.97%     93.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  253440      6.15%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23620      0.57%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4123022                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    15                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           25759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3207                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          25759                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3691                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5093                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8784                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    234742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    548208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    234742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    548208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        34543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        34543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.140647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.254292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.140647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.254292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63598.482796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61548.399764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62409.836066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63598.482796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61548.399764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62409.836066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2075                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2075                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    227360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    530640000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    227360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    530640000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.140647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.140647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61598.482796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59548.399764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60409.836066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61598.482796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59548.399764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60409.836066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  5912                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          25759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    234742000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    548208000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        34543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.140647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.254292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63598.482796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61548.399764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62409.836066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    227360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    530640000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.140647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61598.482796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59548.399764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60409.836066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2654.368513                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              18672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             5912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.158322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   136.327645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   895.195039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1622.845829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.033283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.218553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.396203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.648039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1850                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843994                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            49448                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           49448                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2593914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2593914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2593914                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2593914                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    901287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    901287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    901287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    901287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2631806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2631806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23785.680355                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23785.680355                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23785.680355                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23785.680355                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    825503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    825503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    825503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    825503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21785.680355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21785.680355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21785.680355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21785.680355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37636                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2593914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2593914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    901287000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    901287000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2631806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23785.680355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23785.680355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    825503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    825503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21785.680355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21785.680355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.923584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2350983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 62.466335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.923584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2669698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2669698                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8784                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8784                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2075                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        19643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        19643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       694976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       694976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  694976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            19159000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           47055750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          236224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          325952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              562176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       236224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         236224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       132800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           132800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2075                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2075                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           29564486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           40794345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               70358832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      29564486                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          29564486                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        16620512                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              16620512                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        16620512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          29564486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          40794345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              86979343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2029.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3691.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5029.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005218604500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           113                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           113                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21537                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1899                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8784                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2075                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8784                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2075                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     46                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      92337750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    43600000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                255837750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10589.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29339.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5466                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1672                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8784                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2075                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     191.464286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.496613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    207.912901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1526     42.58%     42.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1212     33.82%     76.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          405     11.30%     87.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          135      3.77%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           73      2.04%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           68      1.90%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           52      1.45%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      0.86%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           82      2.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       76.973451                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      37.694304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     218.605461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            101     89.38%     89.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      6.19%     95.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      1.77%     97.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      1.77%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.725664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.712342                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.671456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                14     12.39%     12.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      2.65%     15.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                96     84.96%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  558080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   128192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   562176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                132800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         69.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      70.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      16.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7989138000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      735715.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       236224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       321856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       128192                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 29564486.271619964391                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 40281712.668647192419                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16043800.054742559791                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3691                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5093                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2075                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    111541750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    144296000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 176027561500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30219.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28332.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  84832559.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11923800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6333855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             26760720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4384800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      630620640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1853401740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1507449600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4040875155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         505.733533                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3898509250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    266760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3824857750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13673100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7267425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             35500080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6070860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      630620640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2014986480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1371378240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4079496825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         510.567207                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3543902250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    266760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4179464750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           635654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               635654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          635654                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              635654                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14365                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14365                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    552548000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    552548000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    552548000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    552548000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           650019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          650019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38464.879916                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38464.879916                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38464.879916                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38464.879916                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7222                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7222                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    523820000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    523820000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    523820000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    523820000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36465.019144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36465.019144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36465.019144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36465.019144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14108                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          384806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              384806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    301216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       394443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          394443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31256.200062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31256.200062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    281944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29256.407596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29256.407596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251332000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    251332000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53158.206430                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53158.206430                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241876000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241876000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51158.206430                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51158.206430                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.150201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  647732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.912390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.150201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                664383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               664383                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17713                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             34544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            34544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    568519000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    411180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    979699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    568519000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    411180000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    979699000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           52257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          52257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.661041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.661041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21663.643638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49533.791110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28360.902038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21663.643638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49533.791110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28360.902038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    516033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394580000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    910613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    516033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394580000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    910613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19663.643638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47534.032044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26360.959935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19663.643638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47534.032044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26360.959935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38365                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            34544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    568519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    411180000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    979699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          52257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.661041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21663.643638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49533.791110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28360.902038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    516033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394580000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    910613000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19663.643638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47534.032044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26360.959935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.005861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  58932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.536088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   111.010740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   157.327567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   238.667555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.216818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.307280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.466148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                98356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               98356                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                52257                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               52256                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7222                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  111735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1381504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2425088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3806592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             88367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            71820000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7990127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11594729000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 124762                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34279032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   253608                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              482180997                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000040                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6098362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011595                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11594729000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            774088                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6098362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      556668                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           271                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      317946                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           113                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3908944                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11594718                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11594718                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4349594                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1922819                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       559752                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      145337                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5937385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5937385                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11279284                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4828243                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      555476                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        873237                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     317761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30677      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5050578     82.82%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.07%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.89%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.03%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.53%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.85%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   528918      8.67%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  315768      5.18%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.44%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6098412                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           26100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3548                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          26100                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         16729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3740                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12989                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        16729                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    237907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778256000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1016163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    237907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778256000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1016163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        42829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        42829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.785451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.390600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.785451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.390600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63611.497326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59916.544769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60742.602666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63611.497326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59916.544769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60742.602666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3273                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3273                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        16729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        16729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    230427000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    752278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    982705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    230427000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    752278000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    982705000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.785451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.785451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61611.497326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57916.544769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58742.602666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61611.497326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57916.544769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58742.602666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 13354                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          26100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        16729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    237907000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778256000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1016163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        42829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.785451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.390600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63611.497326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59916.544769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60742.602666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    230427000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    752278000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    982705000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.785451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61611.497326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57916.544769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58742.602666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3070.379108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              44455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            13354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.328965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.581948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   672.025305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2291.771855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.026021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.164069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.559515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.749604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4092                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1960                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1846                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            66319                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           66319                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3871002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3871002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3871002                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3871002                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905300000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    905300000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905300000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    905300000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3908944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3908944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23860.102261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23860.102261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23860.102261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23860.102261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829416000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    829416000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829416000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    829416000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21860.102261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21860.102261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21860.102261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21860.102261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37686                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3871002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3871002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    905300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3908944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23860.102261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23860.102261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    829416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21860.102261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21860.102261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.569106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2377966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.099453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.569106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3946886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3946886                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               16729                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16729                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        36731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        36731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  36731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1280128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1280128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1280128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            33094000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           89006750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          239360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          831296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1070656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       239360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         239360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       209472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           209472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                16729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3273                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3273                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           20643863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           71696027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               92339890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      20643863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          20643863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        18066140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              18066140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        18066140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          20643863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          71696027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             110406030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3220.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3740.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12922.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005218604500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           179                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           179                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                39545                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3021                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        16729                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3273                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      16729                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3273                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      67                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     53                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     146999250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    83310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                459411750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8822.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27572.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12451                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2717                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 84.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  16729                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3273                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     271.234842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    169.036045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    292.243049                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1646     35.14%     35.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1440     30.74%     65.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          553     11.81%     77.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          203      4.33%     82.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          129      2.75%     84.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          133      2.84%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          141      3.01%     90.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          126      2.69%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          313      6.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       89.826816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      39.805155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     274.554385                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            157     87.71%     87.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           10      5.59%     93.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7      3.91%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.56%     97.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      1.12%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.56%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.826816                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.817867                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.548907                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                14      7.82%      7.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.68%      9.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               162     90.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1066368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   204224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1070656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                209472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         91.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         17.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      92.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      18.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11594207000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      579652.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       239360                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       827008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       204224                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 20643863.258899800479                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 71326203.484359145164                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 17613520.764478411525                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3740                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12989                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3273                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    113071000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    346340750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 261297416750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30232.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26664.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  79834224.49                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              16543380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8793015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             55606320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             8706960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      915198960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2851338930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2051248800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5907436365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         509.493268                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5302028250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    387140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5905560750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16907520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8982765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             63360360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7950060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      915198960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2885311500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2022640320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5920351485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         510.607146                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5228198000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    387140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5979391000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           851315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               851315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          851315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              851315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23249                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23249                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1167760000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1167760000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1167760000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1167760000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       874564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           874564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       874564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          874564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50228.396920                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50228.396920                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50228.396920                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50228.396920                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1121264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1121264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1121264000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1121264000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48228.482946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48228.482946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48228.482946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48228.482946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      22992                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          538780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              538780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    880728000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    880728000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       556668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          556668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49235.688730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49235.688730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    844954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    844954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47235.800537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47235.800537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         312535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             312535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287032000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    287032000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       317896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         317896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53540.757321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53540.757321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276310000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276310000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51540.757321                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51540.757321                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.036154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  871551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 22992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.906707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.036154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                897812                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               897812                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42830                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    572223000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    967259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1539482000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    572223000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    967259000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1539482000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           61191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          61191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.699940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.699940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21764.148791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58487.060104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35944.011207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21764.148791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58487.060104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35944.011207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    519639000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    934185000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1453824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    519639000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    934185000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1453824000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19764.148791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56487.181038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33944.057903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19764.148791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56487.181038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33944.057903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47066                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    572223000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    967259000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1539482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          61191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.699940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21764.148791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58487.060104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35944.011207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    519639000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    934185000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1453824000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19764.148791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56487.181038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33944.057903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.558453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  68582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47066                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.457145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    81.935204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   108.952206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   317.671043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.160030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.212797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.620451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               116769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              116769                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                61191                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               61190                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        54497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  130381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1999872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4428160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            101191000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           116240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11594729000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15141059000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 129134                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34279032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   257976                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              488664719                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4001118                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7993270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015141                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15141059000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1035141                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4001118                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7993270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      736561                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           369                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      408969                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           148                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5168011                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15141048                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15141048                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5520783                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2508479                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       727901                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204732                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7832309                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7832309                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14935508                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6371091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      735369                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1144153                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     408784                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6674586     83.50%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.05%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.68%     84.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.02%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.40%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.65%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   708811      8.87%     94.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  406791      5.09%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.33%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7993337                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5294                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27846                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        18885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         22632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        18885                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        22632                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1129652000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1367979000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1129652000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1367979000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.781050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.448354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.781050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.448354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63604.750467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59817.421234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60444.459173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63604.750467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59817.421234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60444.459173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4204                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4204                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        22632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        22632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    230833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1091882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322715000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    230833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1091882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322715000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.781050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.781050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61604.750467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57817.421234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58444.459173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61604.750467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57817.421234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58444.459173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 19493                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        18885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        22632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238327000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1129652000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1367979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.781050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.448354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63604.750467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59817.421234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60444.459173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    230833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1091882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322715000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.781050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61604.750467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57817.421234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58444.459173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3310.099243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              51841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            19493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.659468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   114.045798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   517.298429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2678.755016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.027843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.126294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.653993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.808130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4095                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999756                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            81630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           81630                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5130062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5130062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5130062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5130062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    905839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    905839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5168011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5168011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23869.904345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23869.904345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23869.904345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23869.904345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    829941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    829941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21869.904345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21869.904345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21869.904345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21869.904345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5130062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5130062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    905839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5168011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23869.904345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23869.904345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    829941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21869.904345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21869.904345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.904249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.904249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5205960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5205960                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               22632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        49468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        49468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  49468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1717504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1717504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1717504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            43652000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          120302750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          239808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1208640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1448448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       239808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         239808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       269056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           269056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            18885                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                22632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15838258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           79825328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               95663586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15838258                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15838258                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        17769959                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              17769959                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        17769959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15838258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          79825328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             113433545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4109.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3747.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     18816.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005218604500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           229                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           229                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                53186                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3871                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        22632                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4204                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      22632                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4204                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      69                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     95                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     191611500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   112815000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                614667750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8492.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27242.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     17211                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3509                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  22632                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4204                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    22559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     287.471520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    181.299566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    299.181162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1847     31.13%     31.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1876     31.61%     62.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          777     13.09%     75.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          293      4.94%     80.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          176      2.97%     83.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          172      2.90%     86.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          179      3.02%     89.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          164      2.76%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          450      7.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       90.131004                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      36.483310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     295.988102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            205     89.52%     89.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           10      4.37%     93.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7      3.06%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.44%     97.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.87%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.44%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.44%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.44%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.44%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.864629                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.857476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.490272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                14      6.11%      6.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.31%      7.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               212     92.58%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1444032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   261824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1448448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                269056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         95.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         17.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      95.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      17.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15136075000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      564021.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       239808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1204224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       261824                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15838258.076928436756                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 79533670.663326784968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 17292317.532082796097                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        18885                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4204                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    113257250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    501410500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 309691977500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30226.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26550.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  73666027.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19156620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10181985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             67551540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10513080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1194860160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3578604780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2800605120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7681473285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.327346                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7242865250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    505440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7392753750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              23212140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12337545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             93548280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            10841940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1194860160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4144063590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2324429280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7803292935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         515.372996                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6000083750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    505440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8635535250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1113315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1113315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1113315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1113315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32148                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32148                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1671419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1671419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1671419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1671419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1145463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1145463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1145463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1145463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51991.383601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51991.383601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51991.383601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51991.383601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9865                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9865                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1607125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1607125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1607125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1607125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49991.445813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49991.445813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49991.445813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49991.445813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      31891                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          711326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              711326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1286670000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1286670000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          736561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50987.517337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50987.517337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1236202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1236202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48987.596592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48987.596592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         401989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             401989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    384749000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    384749000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       408902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         408902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55655.865760                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55655.865760                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    370923000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    370923000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53655.865760                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53655.865760                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.496125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1141643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 31891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.798282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.496125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1177610                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1177610                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19618                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    572720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1406209000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1978929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    572720000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1406209000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1978929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           70097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          70097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21777.253888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58155.872622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39203.015115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21777.253888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58155.872622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39203.015115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520122000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1357851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1877973000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1357851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1877973000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19777.253888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56155.955335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37203.054736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19777.253888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56155.955335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37203.054736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55610                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    572720000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1406209000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1978929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          70097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21777.253888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58155.872622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39203.015115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520122000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1357851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1877973000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19777.253888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56155.955335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37203.054736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.364530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  79248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.425067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.574858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    83.554435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   352.235238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.143701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.163192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.687959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               136084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              136084                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                70097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               70096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9865                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        74160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  150058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2688768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5117504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            119422000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           160735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15141059000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18550113000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 131812                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34279032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   261012                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              488999275                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000255                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9901450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018550                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18550113000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1268540                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000255                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9901450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      920830                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           421                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      511348                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6441515                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18550102                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18550102                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6524013                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3081751                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       854840                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      270250                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9740497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9740497                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18747822                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7943501                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      919638                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1430801                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     511163                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8296126     83.79%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.04%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.55%     84.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.02%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.32%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.53%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   893080      9.02%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  509170      5.14%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.27%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9901525                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           29107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6555                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          29107                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        22084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         25831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        22084                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        25831                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1330573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1568900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1330573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1568900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        54938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        54938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.771116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.470185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.771116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.470185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63604.750467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60250.543380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60737.098835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63604.750467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60250.543380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60737.098835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4925                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4925                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        25831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        25831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    230833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1286405000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1517238000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    230833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1286405000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1517238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.771116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.470185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.771116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.470185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61604.750467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58250.543380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58737.098835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61604.750467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58250.543380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58737.098835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 22933                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          29107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        25831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238327000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1330573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1568900000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        54938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.771116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.470185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63604.750467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60250.543380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60737.098835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    230833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1286405000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1517238000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.771116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.470185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61604.750467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58250.543380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58737.098835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3454.344675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              57123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            22933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.490865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   116.385573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   422.966817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2914.992286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.028414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.103263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.711668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.843346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4095                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3700                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999756                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            90402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           90402                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6403566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6403566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6403566                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6403566                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    905839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    905839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6441515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6441515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23869.904345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23869.904345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23869.904345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23869.904345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    829941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    829941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21869.904345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21869.904345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21869.904345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21869.904345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6403566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6403566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    905839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6441515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23869.904345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23869.904345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    829941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21869.904345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21869.904345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.105621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.105621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6479464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6479464                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4925                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        56587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        56587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  56587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1968384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1968384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1968384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            50456000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          137399000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          239808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1413376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1653184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       239808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         239808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       315200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           315200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            22084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                25831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4925                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4925                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12927576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           76192312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               89119888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12927576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12927576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        16991810                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              16991810                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        16991810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12927576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          76192312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             106111699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4825.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3747.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     22013.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005218604500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           269                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           269                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                61174                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4552                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        25831                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4925                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      25831                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4925                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      71                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    100                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     225940500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   128800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                708940500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8770.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27520.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     19335                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4144                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  25831                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4925                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    25756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     275.970095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    175.281541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    290.198564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2225     31.39%     31.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2362     33.32%     64.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          866     12.22%     76.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          338      4.77%     81.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          220      3.10%     84.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          221      3.12%     87.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          206      2.91%     90.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          172      2.43%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          479      6.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          269                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       95.029740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      37.280648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     305.780063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            239     88.85%     88.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           12      4.46%     93.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            8      2.97%     96.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.74%     97.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      1.12%     98.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.37%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.74%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.37%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.37%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            269                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          269                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.877323                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.870771                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.469008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                15      5.58%      5.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.12%      6.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               251     93.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            269                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1648640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4544                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   307776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1653184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                315200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         88.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      89.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      16.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18548272000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      603078.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       239808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1408832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       307776                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12927576.236328048632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 75947354.067331016064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16591597.043101569638                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        22084                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4925                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    113257250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    595683250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 403940576000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30226.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26973.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  82018391.07                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              24604440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13073775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             81431700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11828520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1464072480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4513049670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3322780800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9430841385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.398056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8590557250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    619320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9340235750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              26018160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13828980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            102494700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            13274460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1464072480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4846358880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3042099360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9508147020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.565450                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7858741750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    619320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10072051250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1394078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1394078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1394078                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1394078                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38025                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38025                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1971939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1971939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1971939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1971939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1432103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1432103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1432103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1432103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51859.013807                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51859.013807                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51859.013807                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51859.013807                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10988                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10988                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1895891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1895891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49859.066404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49859.066404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49859.066404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49859.066404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37768                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1538909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1538909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       920830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          920830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50884.799788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50884.799788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1478425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1478425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48884.865919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48884.865919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         503491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             503491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433030000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    433030000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       511273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         511273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55645.078386                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55645.078386                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417466000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    417466000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015221                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015221                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53645.078386                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53645.078386                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.772500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1407923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.278198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.772500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1470127                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1470127                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             54939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            54939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    572720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1658712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2231432000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    572720000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1658712000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2231432000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.723129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.723129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21777.253888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57915.921788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40616.538343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21777.253888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57915.921788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40616.538343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520122000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1601434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2121556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1601434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2121556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19777.253888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55915.991620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38616.574747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19777.253888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55915.991620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38616.574747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     60633                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            54939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    572720000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1658712000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2231432000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.723129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21777.253888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57915.921788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40616.538343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520122000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1601434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2121556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19777.253888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55915.991620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38616.574747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.848865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  86340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                60633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.423977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    70.621856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    68.199187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   371.027822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.137933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.133202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.724664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               148107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              148107                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75974                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75973                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10988                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  162935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3136768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5565504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            130914000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           190120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18550113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21989886000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 133657                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34279032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   263101                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              489846774                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11810944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021990                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21989886000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1502153                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11810944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1105210                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           478                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7715880                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21989875                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21989875                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7527843                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3655411                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       981869                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      335794                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11649999                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11649999                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22562558                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9516932                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1104018                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1717639                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613621                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9918790     83.98%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.03%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.46%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.01%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.27%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.44%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1077460      9.12%     94.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  611628      5.18%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.22%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11811027                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           30408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7856                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          30408                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        25443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         29190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25443                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        29190                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1537570000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1775897000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1537570000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1775897000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        59598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        59598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.489782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.489782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63604.750467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60431.945918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60839.225762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63604.750467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60431.945918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60839.225762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4992                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4992                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        29190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        29190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    230833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1486684000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1717517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    230833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1486684000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1717517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.489782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.489782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61604.750467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58431.945918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58839.225762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61604.750467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58431.945918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58839.225762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 26334                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          30408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        29190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238327000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1537570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1775897000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        59598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.489782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63604.750467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60431.945918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60839.225762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    230833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1486684000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1717517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.489782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61604.750467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58431.945918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58839.225762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3554.559332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              62436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            26334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.370927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   134.701583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   357.192229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3062.665520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.032886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.087205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.747721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.867812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4095                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          894                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2832                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999756                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            99262                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           99262                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7677931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7677931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7677931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7677931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    905839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    905839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7715880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7715880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23869.904345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23869.904345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23869.904345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23869.904345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    829941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    829941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21869.904345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21869.904345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21869.904345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21869.904345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7677931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7677931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    905839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7715880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23869.904345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23869.904345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    829941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21869.904345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21869.904345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.245525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.245525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7753829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7753829                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               29190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              29190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        63372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        63372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  63372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2187648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2187648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2187648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            54150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          155267000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          239808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1628352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1868160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       239808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         239808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       319488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           319488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            25443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                29190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4992                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4992                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10905377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           74050043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               84955420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10905377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10905377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        14528861                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              14528861                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        14528861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10905377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          74050043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              99484281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4856.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3747.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     25372.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006059584500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           270                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           270                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                68843                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4569                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        29190                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4992                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      29190                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4992                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      71                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     258036250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   145595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                804017500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8861.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27611.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     21834                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4159                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  29190                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4992                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    29115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7950                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     273.243774                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    175.708996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    284.273735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2365     29.75%     29.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2830     35.60%     65.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          910     11.45%     76.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          384      4.83%     81.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          270      3.40%     85.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          278      3.50%     88.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          249      3.13%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          184      2.31%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          480      6.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7950                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          270                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      103.533333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      37.859633                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     335.675224                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            239     88.52%     88.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           12      4.44%     92.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            8      2.96%     95.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.74%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      1.11%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.37%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.74%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.37%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.37%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.37%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            270                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.877778                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.871248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.468195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                15      5.56%      5.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.11%      6.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               252     93.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1863616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4544                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   308928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1868160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                319488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         84.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         14.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      84.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      14.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21989416000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      643303.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       239808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1623808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       308928                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10905377.135652272031                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 73843402.371435672045                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 14048640.361300645396                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3747                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        25443                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4992                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    113257250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    690760250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 456323458000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30226.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27149.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  91410949.12                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              27524700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14622135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             91677600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11922480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1735743360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5290561590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3988906560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11160958425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.549626                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10314921500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    734240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10940724500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              29259720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              15548115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            116232060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            13274460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1735743360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5660594760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3677299680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11247952155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.505706                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9502412250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    734240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11753233750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1673334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1673334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1673334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1673334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          45599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              45599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         45599                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             45599                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2304470000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2304470000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2304470000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2304470000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1718933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1718933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1718933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1718933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50537.731091                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50537.731091                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50537.731091                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50537.731091                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12210                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12210                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         45599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2213274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2213274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2213274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2213274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48537.774951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48537.774951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48537.774951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48537.774951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      45342                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1068158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1068158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         37052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             37052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1825253000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1825253000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1105210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1105210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49261.929181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49261.929181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1751151000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1751151000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47261.983159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47261.983159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479217000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    479217000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56068.445068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56068.445068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    462123000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    462123000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54068.445068                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54068.445068                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.964512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1714171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 45342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.805368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.964512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1764531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1764531                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               23949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          12299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              23949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    572720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2492291000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    572720000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2492291000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           83548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          83548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.713350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.713350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21777.253888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57644.774775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41817.664726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21777.253888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57644.774775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41817.664726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9235                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9235                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520122000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1852973000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2373095000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1852973000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2373095000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19777.253888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55644.834835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39817.698284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19777.253888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55644.834835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39817.698284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     65800                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          12299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              23949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    572720000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2492291000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          83548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.713350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21777.253888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57644.774775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41817.664726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520122000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1852973000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2373095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19777.253888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55644.834835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39817.698284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.185357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  95057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                65800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.444635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.765179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    57.531113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   384.889064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.132354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.112365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.751736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               162070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              162070                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                83548                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               83547                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12210                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  179305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3699712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6128448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            144598000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           227990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21989886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25681627000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 134529                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34279164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   263673                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    52.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              493559064                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13719828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025682                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25681627000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1730731                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13719828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1303196                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           608                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      731970                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           181                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8964849                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25681627                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25681627                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8458934                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4214453                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1108417                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      394300                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13558882                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13558882                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26354165                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11079073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1302005                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2033790                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     731785                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30679      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11511522     83.90%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.03%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.39%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.01%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.23%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.38%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1275447      9.30%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  729792      5.32%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.19%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13719911                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        11458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           34010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        11458                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          34010                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        31970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3754                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        31970                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35724                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1927806000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2166553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1927806000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2166553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        69734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        69734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.736161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.512290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.736161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.512290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63598.028769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60300.469190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60646.988019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63598.028769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60300.469190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60646.988019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         6348                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             6348                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    231239000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1863866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2095105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    231239000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1863866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2095105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.736161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.512290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.736161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.512290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61598.028769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58300.469190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58646.988019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61598.028769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58300.469190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58646.988019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 32967                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        22552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        11458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          34010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        31970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1927806000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2166553000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        69734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.736161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.512290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63598.028769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60300.469190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60646.988019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    231239000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1863866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2095105000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.142705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.736161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.512290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61598.028769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58300.469190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58646.988019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3632.247828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              81616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            37062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.202148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   129.328617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   306.571415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3196.347797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.031574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.074847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.780358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.886779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4095                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999756                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           118678                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          118678                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8926893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8926893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8926893                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8926893                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37956                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37956                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    906381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    906381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    906381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    906381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8964849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8964849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23879.781853                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23879.781853                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23879.781853                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23879.781853                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    830469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    830469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    830469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    830469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21879.781853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21879.781853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21879.781853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21879.781853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37700                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8926893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8926893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    906381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    906381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8964849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23879.781853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23879.781853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    830469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    830469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21879.781853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21879.781853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.353981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8964849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                236.190563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.353981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9002805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9002805                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35724                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35724                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        77796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        77796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  77796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2692608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2692608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2692608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            67464000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          189929000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          240256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2046080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2286336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       240256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         240256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       406272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           406272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            31970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6348                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6348                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            9355171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           79670965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               89026135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       9355171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           9355171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        15819558                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              15819558                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        15819558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           9355171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          79670965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             104845694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      6210.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3754.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     31872.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006059584500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           346                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           346                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                84153                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5863                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35724                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6348                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35724                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6348                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      98                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    138                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     309342000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   178130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                977329500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8683.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27433.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     26893                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5361                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35724                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6348                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     279.845237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    180.422871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    284.867665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2825     29.54%     29.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3187     33.33%     62.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1179     12.33%     75.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          572      5.98%     81.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          365      3.82%     84.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          350      3.66%     88.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          284      2.97%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          196      2.05%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          605      6.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      102.965318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      39.340288                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     322.169294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            308     89.02%     89.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           14      4.05%     93.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           10      2.89%     95.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.58%     96.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      0.87%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.29%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.29%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.29%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.29%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.58%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.29%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.29%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.904624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.899450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.416516                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                15      4.34%      4.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.87%      5.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               328     94.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2280064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6272                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   396480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2286336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                406272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         88.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      89.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      15.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25681412000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      610415.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       240256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2039808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       396480                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 9355170.527163252234                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 79426743.484748855233                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15438274.218374093994                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3754                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        31970                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6348                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    113443500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    863886000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 566924222000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30219.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27021.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  89307533.40                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              35600040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              18910485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            115375260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            17617500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2027082720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6703967790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4216298400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13134852195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         511.449380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10893165500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    857480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13930981500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              32708340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              17381100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            138994380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            14720400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2027082720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6870251610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4076269920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13177408470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         513.106450                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10528763750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    857480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14295383250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1978470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1978470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1978470                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1978470                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         56613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             56613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2887474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2887474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2887474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2887474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2035083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2035083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2035083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2035083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51003.727059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51003.727059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51003.727059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51003.727059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15155                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15155                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2774248000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2774248000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2774248000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2774248000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49003.727059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49003.727059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49003.727059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49003.727059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      56357                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1255406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1255406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         47790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             47790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2399539000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2399539000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1303196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1303196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50210.064867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50210.064867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2303959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2303959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48210.064867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48210.064867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         723064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             723064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487935000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    487935000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55302.618157                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55302.618157                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470289000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    470289000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53302.618157                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53302.618157                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.113364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2035083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 56613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.947274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.113364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2091696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2091696                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24835                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             69734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            69734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    573217000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2428430000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3001647000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    573217000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2428430000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3001647000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           94569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          94569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.737388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.737388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21790.352011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55918.531823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43044.239539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21790.352011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55918.531823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43044.239539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2341574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2862179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520605000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2341574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2862179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19790.352011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53918.531823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41044.239539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19790.352011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53918.531823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41044.239539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     77993                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            69734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    573217000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2428430000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3001647000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          94569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.737388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21790.352011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55918.531823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43044.239539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520605000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2341574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2862179000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19790.352011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53918.531823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41044.239539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.446212                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 109724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                78505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.397669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    69.697470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    49.328101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   391.420641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.136128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.096344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.764493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               188229                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              188229                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                94569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               94569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15155                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       128381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  204293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4593152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2429184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7022336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189780000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            170344000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           283065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25681627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
