
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13118003000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  48202                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34194272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    57411                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              632296175                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000011                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1191070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013118                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13118003000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             47836                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000011                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1191070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4691                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      856685                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3343                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1563166                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13117992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13117992                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               238038                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              182766                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        46659                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 810252                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        810252                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               810763                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         829                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1191931                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1191931                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3022943                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             287598                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4676                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        861360                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     856684                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    330542     27.71%     27.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     27.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.01%     27.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     27.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     27.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     27.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     27.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     27.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     27.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     27.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     27.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     27.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     27.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.01%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.01%     27.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.02%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     27.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4574      0.38%     28.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   47152      3.95%     32.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.01%     32.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             809532     67.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1192739                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   108                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             78                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       106707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        107217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       106707                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       107217                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6629795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   6659463000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6629795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   6659463000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       106718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       107295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       106718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       107295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62130.834903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62112.006492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62130.834903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62112.006492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       104594                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           104594                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       107217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       107217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6416381000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6445029000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6416381000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6445029000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60130.834903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60112.006492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60130.834903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60112.006492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                105193                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             78                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       106707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       107217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6629795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6659463000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       106718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       107295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62130.834903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62112.006492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       107217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6416381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6445029000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60130.834903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60112.006492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       106146                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       106146                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       106146                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       106146                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2019.489317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             209857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           105193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.994971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.304299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     5.985141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2013.199877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.983008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          741                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           320682                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          320682                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1562527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1562527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1562527                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1562527                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1563166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1563166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1562527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1562527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1563166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.409318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 35.438849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.409318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.864880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.864880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1563805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1563805                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              107217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             107217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       104594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       319028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       319028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 319028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     13555904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     13555904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                13555904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           630187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          564311750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6829248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6861888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      6694016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          6694016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           106707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               107217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        104594                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              104594                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2488184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          520601192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              523089376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2488184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2488184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       510292306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             510292306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       510292306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2488184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         520601192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1033381682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    104594.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       510.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    106707.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000456036000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          6263                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          6263                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               316331                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               98471                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       107217                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      104594                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     107217                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    104594                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               6528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               6528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               6528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               6528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               6528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               6528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               6528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               6528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               6530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               6584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              6544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              6558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              6540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              6557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              6501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              6528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1082756500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   536085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               3093075250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10098.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28848.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     96746                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    95642                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 107217                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                104594                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   107217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    2089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    2229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    6253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    6268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    6268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    6264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    6265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    6264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    6264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    6264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    6266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    6270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    6300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    6263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    6263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    6263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    6263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    6263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        19393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     698.871552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    515.614940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.671938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           909      4.69%      4.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3974     20.49%     25.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          830      4.28%     29.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          648      3.34%     32.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          950      4.90%     37.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          650      3.35%     41.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          675      3.48%     44.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          796      4.10%     48.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9961     51.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         19393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         6263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.117037                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.711392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      26.720609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           6261     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           6263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         6263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.695833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.669590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.947316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              4035     64.43%     64.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               115      1.84%     66.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              2096     33.47%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      0.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           6263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6861888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  6692224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6861888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               6694016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        523.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        510.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     523.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     510.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13117915000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61932.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6829248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      6692224                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2488183.605385667179                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 520601192.117428243160                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 510155699.766191542149                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          510                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       106707                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       104594                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12676000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   3080399250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 313494525500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24854.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28867.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2997251.52                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              69422220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              36891195                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            383253780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           273225240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1035053760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3133193100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2398835040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7329874335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.764496                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6135522000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    437840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6544641000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              69058080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              36705240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            382275600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           272609280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1035053760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3119535330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2410336320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7325573610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.436647                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6166416250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    437840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6513746750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           752921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               752921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          752921                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              752921                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         106786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             106786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        106786                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            106786                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8445030000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8445030000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8445030000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8445030000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       859707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           859707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       859707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          859707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79083.681381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79083.681381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79083.681381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79083.681381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          106426                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                106426                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        106786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       106786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8231460000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8231460000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8231460000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8231460000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77083.700111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77083.700111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77083.700111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77083.700111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     106529                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53108.280255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53108.280255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51108.280255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51108.280255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         748387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             748387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       106629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           106629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8436692000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8436692000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       855016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         855016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79121.927431                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79121.927431                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       106629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8223436000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8223436000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124710                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124710                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77121.946187                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77121.946187                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.470180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  857663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                106529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.050981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.470180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                966492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               966492                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        106719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            107296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       106719                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           107296                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7803715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7839864000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7803715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7839864000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       106786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          107425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       106786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         107425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73123.951686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73067.626007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73123.951686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73067.626007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         106146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               106146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       107296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       107296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7590279000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7625274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7590279000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7625274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71123.970427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71067.644647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71123.970427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71067.644647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    106928                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       106719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           107296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7803715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7839864000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       106786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         107425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73123.951686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73067.626007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       107296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7590279000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7625274000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71123.970427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71067.644647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       106426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       106426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       106426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       106426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.363779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 213082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               106928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.992761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.375337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.213565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   506.774877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321291                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321291                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               107425                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              107424                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        106426                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       319997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  321275                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13645504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13686400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            639555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           533925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13118003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26388902000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  54437                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34194940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    64370                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              718256856                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2364976                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026389                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26388902000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             91314                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2364976                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4691                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1727943                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6739                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3131770                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26388891                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26388891                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               455428                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              356678                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90137                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1636334                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1636334                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1636845                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         829                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2367535                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2367535                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6029717                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             548466                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4676                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1732618                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1727942                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    634888     26.81%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.01%     26.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.01%     26.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.01%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4574      0.19%     27.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   92328      3.90%     30.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1635614     69.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2368343                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   108                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             78                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       215402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        215912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       215402                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       215912                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13393941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  13423609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13393941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  13423609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       215413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       215990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       215413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       215990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62181.135737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62171.667161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62181.135737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62171.667161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       213289                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           213289                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       215912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       215912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12963137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12991785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12963137000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12991785000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60181.135737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60171.667161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60181.135737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60171.667161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                213888                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             78                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       215402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       215912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13393941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13423609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       215413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       215990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62181.135737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62171.667161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       215912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12963137000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12991785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60181.135737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60171.667161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       214841                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       214841                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       214841                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       214841                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2033.827253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             427247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           213888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.151268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.975232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2030.700754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           646767                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          646767                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3131131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3131131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3131131                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3131131                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3131770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3131770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3131770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3131770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3131131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3131131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3131770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3131770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.706370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 35.438849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.706370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3132409                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3132409                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              215912                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             215912                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       213289                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       645113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       645113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 645113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     27468864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     27468864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                27468864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1282357000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1136335000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13785728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13818368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     13650496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         13650496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           215402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               215912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        213289                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              213289                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1236884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          522406275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              523643159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1236884                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1236884                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       517281697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             517281697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       517281697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1236884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         522406275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1040924855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    213289.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       510.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    215402.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000456036000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         12767                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         12767                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               639530                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              200846                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       215912                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      213289                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     215912                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    213289                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              13515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              13468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              13475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              13486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              13479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              13478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              13467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              13444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              13454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              13522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             13488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             13483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             13479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             13530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             13548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             13596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              13314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              13368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             13328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             13342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             13324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             13341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             13377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             13369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2193388000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1079560000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               6241738000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10158.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28908.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    194882                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   195054                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 215912                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                213289                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   215912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    4298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    4583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   12784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   12795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   12768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   12769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   12768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   12768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   12768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   12771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   12781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   12838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   12768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   12768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   12767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   12767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   12767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        39234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     700.065453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    517.168938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.230920                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1809      4.61%      4.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8012     20.42%     25.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1674      4.27%     29.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1315      3.35%     32.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1915      4.88%     37.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1339      3.41%     40.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1346      3.43%     44.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1627      4.15%     48.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        20197     51.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         39234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12767                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.910551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.697855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      18.727993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          12765     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          12767                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.703924                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.677381                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.952862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              8185     64.11%     64.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               237      1.86%     65.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              4285     33.56%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                60      0.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          12767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13818368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 13648576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13818368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              13650496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        523.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        517.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     523.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     517.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26388818000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61483.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13785728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     13648576                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1236883.595990465954                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 522406275.183408558369                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 517208938.818295657635                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          510                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       215402                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       213289                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12676000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   6229062000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 636991358000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24854.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28918.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2986517.63                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             140229600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              74530005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            771834000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           557302860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2083014960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6288170460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4838037120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14753119005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.065285                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12373634750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    881140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13134127250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             139908300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              74363025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            769777680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           555909120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2083014960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6266756700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4856069760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14745799545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.787916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12422545500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    881140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13085216500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1513786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1513786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1513786                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1513786                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         215481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             215481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        215481                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            215481                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17056991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17056991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17056991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17056991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1729267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1729267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1729267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1729267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79157.749407                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79157.749407                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79157.749407                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79157.749407                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          215121                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                215121                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        215481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       215481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16626031000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16626031000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16626031000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16626031000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77157.758689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77157.758689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77157.758689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77157.758689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     215224                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53108.280255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53108.280255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51108.280255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51108.280255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1509252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1509252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       215324                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           215324                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17048653000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  17048653000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1724576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1724576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124856                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124856                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79176.742955                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79176.742955                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       215324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16618007000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16618007000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124856                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124856                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77176.752243                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77176.752243                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.239522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1727223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                215224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.025234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.239522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1944747                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1944747                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        215414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            215991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       215414                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           215991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15763506000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  15799655000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15763506000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  15799655000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       215481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          216120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       215481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         216120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73177.722896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73149.598826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73177.722896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73149.598826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         214841                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               214841                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       215991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       215991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15332680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15367675000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15332680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15367675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71177.732181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71149.608086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71177.732181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71149.608086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    215623                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       215414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           215991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15763506000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15799655000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       215481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         216120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73177.722896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73149.598826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       215991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15332680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15367675000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71177.732181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71149.608086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       215121                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       215121                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       215121                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       215121                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.689527                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 430472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               215623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.186581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.100370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.402576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               647376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              647376                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               216120                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              216119                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        215121                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       646082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  647360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     27558464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 27599360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1291725000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1077400000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26388902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                39659240000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  59685                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34195072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    70405                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    50.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              789011467                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3538890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.039659                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 39659240000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            134792                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3538890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4691                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2599207                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         10135                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4700387                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         39659229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   39659229                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               672818                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              530592                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       133615                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2462421                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2462421                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2462933                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         829                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3543147                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3543147                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9036511                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             809336                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4676                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2603882                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2599206                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    939236     26.50%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.01%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4574      0.13%     26.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137505      3.88%     30.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2461701     69.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3543955                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   108                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             78                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       324098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        324608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       324098                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       324608                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20157473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  20187141000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20157473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  20187141000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       324109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       324686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       324109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       324686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62195.610587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62189.289851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62195.610587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62189.289851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       321985                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           321985                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       324608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       324608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19509277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19537925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19509277000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19537925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60195.610587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60189.289851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60195.610587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60189.289851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                322584                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             78                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       324098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       324608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20157473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20187141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       324109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       324686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62195.610587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62189.289851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       324608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19509277000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19537925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60195.610587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60189.289851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       323537                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       323537                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       323537                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       323537                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2038.569582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             644639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           322584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.100652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.979692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2036.489237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          733                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           972855                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          972855                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4699748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4699748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4699748                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4699748                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4700387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4700387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4699748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4699748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4700387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.804621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 35.438849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.804621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4701026                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4701026                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              324608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             324608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       321985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       971201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       971201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 971201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     41381952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     41381952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                41381952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1934533000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1708361000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        20742272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            20774912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     20607040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         20607040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           324098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               324608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        321985                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              321985                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             823011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523012342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              523835353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        823011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            823011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       519602494                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             519602494                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       519602494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            823011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523012342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1043437847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    321985.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       510.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    324098.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000456036000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         19273                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         19273                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               962728                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              303223                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       324608                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      321985                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     324608                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    321985                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              20410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              20252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              20259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              20270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              20263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              20262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              20251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              20228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              20238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              20306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             20272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             20267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             20263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             20314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             20332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             20421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              20183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              20096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              20096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              20096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              20096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              20096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              20096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              20096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              20098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              20152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             20112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             20126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             20108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             20125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             20161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             20224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3303356000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1623040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               9389756000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10176.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28926.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    293025                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   294476                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 324608                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                321985                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   324608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    6497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   19242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   19303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   19316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   19274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   19275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   19274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   19274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   19273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   19278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   19293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   19376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   19273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   19273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   19273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   19273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   19273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        59067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     700.559839                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    517.812914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.047902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2706      4.58%      4.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12046     20.39%     24.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2510      4.25%     29.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1987      3.36%     32.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2878      4.87%     37.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2030      3.44%     40.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2021      3.42%     44.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2452      4.15%     48.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        30437     51.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         59067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        19273                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.842266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.692352                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      15.252882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          19271     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          19273                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        19273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.705287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.678700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.953681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12344     64.05%     64.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               362      1.88%     65.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              6470     33.57%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                97      0.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          19273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                20774912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 20605504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 20774912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              20607040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        523.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        519.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     523.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     519.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    39659174000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61335.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     20742272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     20605504                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 823011.232691297191                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523012342.142713785172                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 519563763.702985763550                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          510                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       324098                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       321985                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12676000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   9377080000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 960484225000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24854.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28932.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2983009.22                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             211129800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             112218150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1159628820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           840973320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3130361520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9439172070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7280371680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22173855360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.109437                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18620743500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1324180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19714316500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             210615720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             111941115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1158072300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           839663100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3130361520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9419744190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7296732000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22167129945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.939857                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18664120500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1324180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19670939500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2274656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2274656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2274656                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2274656                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         324177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             324177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        324177                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            324177                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25668355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25668355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25668355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25668355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2598833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2598833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2598833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2598833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79180.062127                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79180.062127                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79180.062127                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79180.062127                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          323817                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                323817                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        324177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25020003000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25020003000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25020003000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25020003000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77180.068296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77180.068296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77180.068296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77180.068296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     323920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53108.280255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53108.280255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51108.280255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51108.280255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2270122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2270122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       324020                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           324020                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25660017000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  25660017000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2594142                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2594142                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124904                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124904                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79192.694895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79192.694895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       324020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25011979000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25011979000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124904                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124904                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77192.701068                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77192.701068                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.493985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2596791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                323920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.016766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.493985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2923009                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2923009                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        324110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            324687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       324110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           324687                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23722694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  23758843000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23722694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  23758843000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       324177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          324816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       324177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         324816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73193.341767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73174.605081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73193.341767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73174.605081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         323537                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               323537                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       324687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23074476000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23109471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23074476000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23109471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71193.347937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71174.611241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71193.347937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71174.611241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    324319                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       324110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           324687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23722694000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23758843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       324177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         324816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73193.341767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73174.605081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       324687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23074476000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23109471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71193.347937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71174.611241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       323817                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       323817                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       323817                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       323817                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.128023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 647864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               324319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.124149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.732176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.271697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               973464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              973464                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               324816                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              324815                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        323817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       972170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  973448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     41471552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 41512448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1943901000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1620880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  39659240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                52927336000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  68924                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34195072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    81206                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    58.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              911988980                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000016                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4712815                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.052927                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 52927336000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            178271                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000016                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4712815                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4691                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3470480                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13533                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6269016                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         52927325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   52927325                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               890213                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              704506                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       177094                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3288517                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3288517                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3289028                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         829                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4718771                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4718771                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12043338                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1070208                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4676                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3475155                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3470479                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1243587     26.35%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4574      0.10%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  182682      3.87%     30.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3287797     69.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4719579                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   108                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             78                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       432794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        433304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       432794                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       433304                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26918723000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  26948391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26918723000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  26948391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       432805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       433382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       432805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       433382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62197.542018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62192.804590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62197.542018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62192.804590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       430681                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           430681                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       433304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       433304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26053135000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26081783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26053135000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26081783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60197.542018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60192.804590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60197.542018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60192.804590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                431280                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             78                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       432794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       433304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26918723000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26948391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       432805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       433382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62197.542018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62192.804590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       433304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26053135000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26081783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60197.542018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60192.804590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       432233                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       432233                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       432233                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       432233                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2040.933647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             862031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           431280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.075420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.483413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2039.374814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1298943                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1298943                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6268377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6268377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6268377                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6268377                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6269016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6269016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6268377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6268377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6269016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.853600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 35.438849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.853600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6269655                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6269655                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              433304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             433304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       430681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1297289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1297289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1297289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     55295040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     55295040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                55295040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2586709000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2280405750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        27698816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            27731456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     27563584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         27563584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           432794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               433304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        430681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              430681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             616695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523336674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              523953369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        616695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            616695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       520781624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             520781624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       520781624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            616695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523336674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1044734993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    430681.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       510.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    432794.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000456036000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         25776                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         25776                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1285927                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              405586                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       433304                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      430681                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     433304                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    430681                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              27211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              27164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              27050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              27047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              27046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              27035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              27012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              27022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              27090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             27056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             27051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             27047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             27098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             27116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             27205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              27008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              26984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              26880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              26880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              26880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              26880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              26880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              26880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              26882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              26936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             26896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             26910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             26892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             26909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             26945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             27008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4411023250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2166520000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12535473250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10179.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28929.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    391134                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   393875                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 433304                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                430681                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   433304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    8707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    9292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   25734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   25813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   25841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   25777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   25778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   25777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   25777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   25777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   25783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   25810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   25917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   25777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   25777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   25777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   25776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   25776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        78943                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     700.406116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    517.264436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.301071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3671      4.65%      4.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16066     20.35%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3364      4.26%     29.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2636      3.34%     32.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3839      4.86%     37.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2710      3.43%     40.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2686      3.40%     44.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3270      4.14%     48.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        40701     51.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         78943                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        25776                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.809823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.690946                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      13.198039                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          25774     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          25776                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        25776                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.707402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.680749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.954874                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             16485     63.95%     63.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               488      1.89%     65.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              8663     33.61%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               140      0.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          25776                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                27731456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 27561600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 27731456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              27563584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        523.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        520.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     523.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     520.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    52927234000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61259.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     27698816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     27561600                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 616694.556476449128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523336674.266016364098                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 520744138.718789875507                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          510                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       432794                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       430681                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12676000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12522797250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1283882146000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24854.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28934.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2981051.28                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             281980020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             149875935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1547130900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1124273160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4177708080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12585908940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9725436960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         29592313995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.112100                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24874450250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1767220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26285665750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             281687280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             149712750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1546659660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1123719840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4177708080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12572814330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9736464000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         29588765940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.045064                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24904606500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1767220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  26255509500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3035534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3035534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3035534                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3035534                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         432873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             432873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        432873                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            432873                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34277437000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34277437000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34277437000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34277437000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3468407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3468407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3468407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3468407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79185.897480                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79185.897480                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79185.897480                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79185.897480                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          432513                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                432513                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        432873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       432873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33411693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33411693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33411693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33411693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77185.902101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77185.902101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77185.902101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77185.902101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     432616                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53108.280255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53108.280255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51108.280255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51108.280255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3031000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3031000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       432716                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           432716                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34269099000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  34269099000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3463716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3463716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124928                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124928                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79195.359081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79195.359081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       432716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33403669000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33403669000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124928                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124928                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77195.363703                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77195.363703                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.620835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3466359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                432616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.012554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.620835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3901279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3901279                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        432806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            433383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       432806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           433383                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31679600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  31715749000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31679600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  31715749000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       432873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          433512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       432873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         433512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73195.842941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73181.802240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73195.842941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73181.802240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         432233                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               432233                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       433383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       433383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30813990000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30848985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30813990000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30848985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71195.847562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71181.806854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71195.847562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71181.806854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    433015                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       432806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           433383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31679600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31715749000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       432873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         433512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73195.842941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73181.802240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       433383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30813990000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30848985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71195.847562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71181.806854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       432513                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       432513                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       432513                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       432513                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.346615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 865256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               433015                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.093027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.548630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.704957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1299552                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1299552                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               433512                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              433511                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        432513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1298258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1299536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55384640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55425536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2596077000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2164360000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  52927336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                66196494000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  79729                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34195312                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    93868                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    62.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1055544512                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000010                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5886721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.066196                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 66196494000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            221749                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5886721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4691                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4341738                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16929                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7837620                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         66196483                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   66196483                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1107603                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              878418                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       220572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4114599                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4114599                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4115110                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         829                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5894375                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5894375                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15050112                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1331076                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4676                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4346413                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4341737                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1547933     26.26%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4574      0.08%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  227858      3.87%     30.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4113879     69.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5895183                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   108                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             78                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       541489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        541999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       541489                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       541999                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33681128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  33710796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33681128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  33710796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       541500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       542077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       541500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       542077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62200.945910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62197.155345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62200.945910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62197.155345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       539376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           539376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       541999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       541999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32598150000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32626798000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32598150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32626798000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60200.945910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60197.155345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60200.945910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60197.155345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                539975                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             78                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       541489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       541999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33681128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33710796000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       541500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       542077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62200.945910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62197.155345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       541999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32598150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32626798000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60200.945910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60197.155345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       540928                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       540928                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       540928                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       540928                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2042.350105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1079421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           539975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.060302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.186061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2041.103742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1625028                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1625028                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7836981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7836981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7836981                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7836981                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7837620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7837620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7836981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7836981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7837620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.882946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 35.438849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.882946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7838259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7838259                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              541999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             541999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       539376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1623374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1623374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1623374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     69208000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     69208000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                69208000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3238879000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2852425750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        34655296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            34687936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     34520064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         34520064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           541489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               541999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        539376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              539376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             493077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523521623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524014701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        493077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            493077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       521478736                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             521478736                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       521478736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            493077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523521623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1045493437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    539376.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       510.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    541489.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000456036000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32280                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32280                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1609129                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              507965                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       541999                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      539376                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     541999                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    539376                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              33995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              33948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              33955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              33868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              33831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              33830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              33819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              33796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              33806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              33874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             33840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             33835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             33831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             33882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             33900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             33989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              33792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              33792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              33792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              33674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              33664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              33664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              33664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              33664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              33666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              33720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             33680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             33694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             33676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             33693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             33729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             33792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5519917000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2709995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              15682398250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10184.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28934.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    489258                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   493289                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 541999                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                539376                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   541999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   10922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   11655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        98806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     700.421918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    517.135580                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.374433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4624      4.68%      4.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20079     20.32%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4208      4.26%     29.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3302      3.34%     32.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4794      4.85%     37.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3400      3.44%     40.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3351      3.39%     44.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4075      4.12%     48.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        50973     51.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         98806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32280                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.790397                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.690067                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      11.801562                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          32278     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32280                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32280                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.708674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.681983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.955569                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             20626     63.90%     63.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               615      1.91%     65.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             10856     33.63%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               183      0.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32280                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                34687936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 34518784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 34687936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              34520064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        521.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     521.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    66196392000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61215.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     34655296                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     34518784                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 493077.473257118487                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523521623.365732967854                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 521459399.345228195190                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          510                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       541489                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       539376                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12676000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  15669722250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1607312843750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24854.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28938.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2979948.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             352780260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             187507155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1934632980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1407573000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5225054640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15735351030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       12168632160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         37011531225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.116186                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31124268250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2210260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32861965750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             352708860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             187461615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1935239880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1407865320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5225054640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15729757620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       12173342400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         37011430335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.114661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31137427000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2210260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32848807000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3796399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3796399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3796399                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3796399                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         541568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             541568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        541568                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            541568                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42887657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42887657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42887657000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42887657000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4337967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4337967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4337967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4337967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79191.637985                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79191.637985                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79191.637985                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79191.637985                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          541208                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                541208                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        541568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       541568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41804523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41804523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41804523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41804523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77191.641677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77191.641677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77191.641677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77191.641677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     541311                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53108.280255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53108.280255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51108.280255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51108.280255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3791865                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3791865                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       541411                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           541411                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42879319000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  42879319000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4333276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4333276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79199.201716                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79199.201716                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541411                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       541411                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41796499000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41796499000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124943                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124943                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77199.205410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77199.205410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.696839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4335919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                541311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.010033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.696839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4879534                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4879534                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        541501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            542078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       541501                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           542078                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39637650000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39673799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39637650000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39673799000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       541568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          542207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       541568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         542207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73199.587812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73188.358502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73199.587812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73188.358502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         540928                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               540928                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       542078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       542078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38554650000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38589645000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38554650000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38589645000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71199.591506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71188.362191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71199.591506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71188.362191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    541710                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       541501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           542078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39637650000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39673799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       541568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         542207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73199.587812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73188.358502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       542078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38554650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38589645000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71199.591506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71188.362191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       541208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       541208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       541208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       541208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.477586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1082646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               541710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.074380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.438657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.964550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1625637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1625637                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               542207                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              542206                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        541208                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1624343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1625621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     69297600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 69338496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3248247000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2707835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  66196494000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                79466268000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  89346                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34195312                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   105139                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    67.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1183324930                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7060627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.079466                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 79466268000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            265227                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7060627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4691                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5212996                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         20325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9406224                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         79466257                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   79466257                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1324993                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1052330                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       264050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4940681                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4940681                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4941192                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         829                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7069979                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7069979                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18056886                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1591944                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4676                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5217671                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5212995                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1852279     26.20%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4574      0.06%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  273034      3.86%     30.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4939961     69.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7070787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   108                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             78                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       650184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        650694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       650184                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       650694                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40444149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  40473817000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40444149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  40473817000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       650772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       650772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62204.159130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62200.999241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62204.159130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62200.999241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       648071                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           648071                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       650694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       650694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39143781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39172429000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39143781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39172429000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60204.159130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60200.999241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60204.159130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60200.999241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                648670                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             78                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       650184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       650694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40444149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40473817000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       650195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       650772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62204.159130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62200.999241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       650694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39143781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39172429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60204.159130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60200.999241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       649623                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       649623                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       649623                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       649623                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2043.293560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1296811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           648670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.050233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.988005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2042.255322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          739                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1951113                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1951113                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9405585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9405585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9405585                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9405585                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9406224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9406224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9405585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9405585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9406224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.902492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 35.438849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.902492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9406863                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9406863                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              650694                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             650694                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       648071                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1949459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1949459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1949459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     83120960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     83120960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                83120960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3891049000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3424441250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        41611776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            41644416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     41476544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         41476544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           650184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               650694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        648071                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              648071                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             410740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523640748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524051488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        410740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            410740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       521938994                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             521938994                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       521938994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            410740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523640748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1045990482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    648071.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       510.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    650184.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000456036000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         38783                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         38783                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1932329                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              610321                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       650694                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      648071                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     650694                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    648071                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              40779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              40732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              40739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              40750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              40668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              40614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              40603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              40580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              40590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              40658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             40624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             40619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             40615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             40666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             40684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             40773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              40576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              40576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              40576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              40576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              40470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              40448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              40448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              40448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              40450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              40504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             40464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             40478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             40460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             40477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             40513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             40576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6629431250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3253470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              18829943750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10188.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28938.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    587405                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   592685                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 650694                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                648071                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   650694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   13134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   14009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   38722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   38848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   38888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   38784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   38785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   38784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   38784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   38784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   38793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   38836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   38987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   38784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   38784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   38784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   38783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   38783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       118642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     700.571332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    517.376691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.295848                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5525      4.66%      4.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        24124     20.33%     24.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5050      4.26%     29.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3961      3.34%     32.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5748      4.84%     37.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4085      3.44%     40.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4038      3.40%     44.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4908      4.14%     48.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        61203     51.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        118642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        38783                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.777454                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.689440                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      10.773942                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          38781     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          38783                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        38783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.709383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.682655                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.956259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24775     63.88%     63.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               734      1.89%     65.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             13044     33.63%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               230      0.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          38783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                41644416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 41474560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 41644416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              41476544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        521.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     521.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    79466166000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61185.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     41611776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     41474560                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 410740.315626751166                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523640747.795026659966                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 521914027.723058521748                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          510                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       650184                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       648071                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12676000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  18817267750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1930754808000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24854.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28941.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2979233.46                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             423594780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             225145965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2322135060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1690872840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6272401200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       18883821270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       14612881920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         44430853035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.115888                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  37377054500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2653300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  39435913500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             423523380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             225100425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2323820100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1691895960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6272401200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       18886325850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       14610772800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         44433839715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.153473                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  37371498250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2653300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  39441469750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4557264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4557264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4557264                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4557264                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         650263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             650263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        650263                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            650263                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51498493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  51498493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51498493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  51498493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5207527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5207527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5207527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5207527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79196.406685                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79196.406685                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79196.406685                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79196.406685                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          649903                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                649903                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        650263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       650263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50197969000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50197969000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50197969000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50197969000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77196.409760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77196.409760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77196.409760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77196.409760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     650006                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53108.280255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53108.280255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51108.280255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51108.280255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4552730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4552730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       650106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           650106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51490155000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  51490155000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5202836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5202836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124952                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124952                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79202.706943                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79202.706943                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       650106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50189945000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50189945000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124952                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124952                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77202.710020                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77202.710020                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.747463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5205479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                650006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.008355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.747463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5857789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5857789                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        650196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            650773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       650196                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           650773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47596316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  47632465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47596316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  47632465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          650902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         650902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73203.028010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73193.671219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73203.028010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73193.671219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         649623                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               649623                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       650773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       650773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46295926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46330921000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46295926000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46330921000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71203.031086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71193.674292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71203.031086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71193.674292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    650405                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       650196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           650773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47596316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47632465000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       650263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         650902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73203.028010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73193.671219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       650773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46295926000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46330921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71203.031086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71193.674292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       649903                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       649903                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       649903                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       649903                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.564822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1300036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               650405                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.061959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.365407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.137456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1951722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1951722                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               650902                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              650901                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        649903                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1950428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1951706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     83210560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 83251456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3900417000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3251310000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  79466268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                92736975000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  98212                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34195444                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   115533                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    71.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1301128606                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8234536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.092737                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92736975000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            308705                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8234536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4691                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     6084255                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         23723                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10974834                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         92736975                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   92736975                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1542383                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1226244                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       307528                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5766763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5766763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5767274                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         829                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8245587                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8245587                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21063666                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1852814                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4676                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       6088931                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6084255                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2156627     26.15%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4574      0.06%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  318212      3.86%     30.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5766043     69.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8246395                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   108                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             78                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       758880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        759390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       758880                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       759390                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47208087000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  47237755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47208087000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  47237755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       758891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       759468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       758891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       759468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62207.578273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62204.868381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62207.578273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62204.868381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       756767                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           756767                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       759390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       759390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45690327000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45718975000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45690327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45718975000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60207.578273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60204.868381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60207.578273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60204.868381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                757366                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             78                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       758880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       759390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47208087000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47237755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       758891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       759468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.549020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62207.578273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62204.868381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45690327000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45718975000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.883882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56172.549020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60207.578273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60204.868381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       758319                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       758319                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       758319                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       758319                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2043.967054                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1517787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           759414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.043044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.846621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2043.077388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          737                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2277201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2277201                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10974195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10974195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10974195                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10974195                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10974834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10974834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10974834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10974834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10974195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10974195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10974834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10974834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63474.178404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63474.178404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61474.178404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61474.178404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.916446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10974834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              17175.014085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.916446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10975473                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10975473                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              759390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             759390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       756767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2275547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2275547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2275547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     97034048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     97034048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                97034048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4543225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3996469750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        48568320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            48600960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     48433088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         48433088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           758880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               759390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        756767                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              756767                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             351963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523721202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524073165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        351963                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            351963                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       522262970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             522262970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       522262970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            351963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523721202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1046336135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    756767.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       510.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    758880.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000456036000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         45289                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         45289                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2255521                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              712700                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       759390                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      756767                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     759390                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    756767                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              47563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              47516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              47523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              47534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              47527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              47475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              47387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              47364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              47374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              47442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             47408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             47403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             47399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             47450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             47468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             47557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              47360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              47360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              47360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              47360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              47360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              47280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              47232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              47232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              47234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              47288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             47248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             47262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             47244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             47261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             47297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             47360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7739802750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3796950000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              21978365250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10192.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28942.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    685550                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   692102                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 759390                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                756767                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   759390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   15331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   16354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   45216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   45367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   45410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   45290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   45291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   45290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   45290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   45290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   45300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   45349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   45528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   45290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   45289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   45289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   45289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   45289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       138475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     700.713919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    517.620510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.211576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6422      4.64%      4.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28158     20.33%     24.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5886      4.25%     29.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4634      3.35%     32.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6713      4.85%     37.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4774      3.45%     40.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4706      3.40%     44.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5738      4.14%     48.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        71444     51.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        138475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.767361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.688150                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       9.976685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          45287    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          45289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.709091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.682372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.956092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             28936     63.89%     63.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               859      1.90%     65.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             15227     33.62%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               267      0.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          45289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                48600960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 48431232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 48600960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              48433088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        522.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     522.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    92736950000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61165.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     48568320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     48431232                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 351963.173265032645                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523721201.818368554115                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 522242956.490655422211                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          510                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       758880                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       756767                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12676000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  21965689250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2254257392750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24854.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28944.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2978799.81                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             494166540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             262655745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2709637140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1974172680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7320362400.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       22030864800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       17058691200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         51850550505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.114102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  43632540250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3096600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  46007834750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             494552100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             262856880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2712407460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1975999680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7320362400.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       22040013300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       17050987200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         51857179020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.185579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  43612933250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3096600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  46027441750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5318129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5318129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5318129                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5318129                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         758958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             758958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        758958                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            758958                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60110263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  60110263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60110263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  60110263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      6077087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          6077087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      6077087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6077087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79201.040110                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79201.040110                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79201.040110                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79201.040110                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          758599                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                758599                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        758958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       758958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58592347000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58592347000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58592347000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58592347000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77201.040110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77201.040110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77201.040110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77201.040110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     758702                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53108.280255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53108.280255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51108.280255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51108.280255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5313595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5313595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       758801                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           758801                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60101925000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  60101925000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      6072396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        6072396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124959                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124959                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79206.438842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79206.438842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       758801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58584323000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58584323000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124959                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124959                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77206.438842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77206.438842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.783601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 6077087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                758958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.007145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.783601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6836045                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6836045                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        758891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            759468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       758891                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           759468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55555910000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  55592059000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55555910000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  55592059000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       758958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          759597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       758958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         759597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73206.705574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73198.685132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73206.705574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73198.685132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         758319                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               758319                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       759468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       759468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  54038128000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  54073123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  54038128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  54073123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71206.705574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71198.685132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71206.705574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71198.685132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    759101                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       758891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           759468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55555910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  55592059000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       758958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         759597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62649.913345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73206.705574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73198.685132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  54038128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  54073123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60649.913345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71206.705574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71198.685132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       758599                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       758599                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       758599                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       758599                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.627096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1518196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               759613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.053093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.313117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.260886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2277809                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2277809                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               759597                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              759597                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        758599                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2276515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2277793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     97123648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 97164544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4552592000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3794790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  92736975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
