
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3490530000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 109492                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34224284                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   194470                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              382041749                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000343                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1776769                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003491                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3490530000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            188704                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1776769                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      203410                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       99845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1268896                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3490519                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3490519                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1305476                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1000814                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       166993                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       10910                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1762389                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1762389                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3293068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1489525                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      203325                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        303092                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      99767                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7702      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1447922     81.49%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11298      0.64%     82.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.10%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.03%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.06%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.03%     82.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.12%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   202370     11.39%     94.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   94249      5.30%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.05%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1776781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    70                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         3573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3573                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1375                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4948                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1747                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2874                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66896000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    168367000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101471000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66896000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    168367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         7822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         7822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.328383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.367425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.328383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.367425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58082.999428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59357.586513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58582.811413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58082.999428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59357.586513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58582.811413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97977000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    162619000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97977000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    162619000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.328383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.328383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56082.999428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57357.586513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56582.811413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56082.999428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57357.586513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56582.811413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    91                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168367000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         7822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.328383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.367425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58082.999428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59357.586513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58582.811413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97977000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64642000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.328383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56082.999428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57357.586513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56582.811413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2184.398157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               91                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.857143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.853333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1255.553941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   925.990883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.076633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.056518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.133325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2702                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.170349                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            12376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           12376                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1262200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1262200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1262200                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1262200                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6696                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6696                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    219846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    219846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1268896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1268896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32832.437276                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32832.437276                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32832.437276                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32832.437276                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206454000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    206454000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206454000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    206454000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30832.437276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30832.437276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30832.437276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30832.437276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6440                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1262200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1262200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219846000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    219846000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1268896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32832.437276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32832.437276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206454000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206454000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30832.437276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30832.437276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.708640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  976075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                151.564441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.708640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.975424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1275592                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1275592                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         5756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         5756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   5756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       184448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       184448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  184448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2914000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15259750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          111808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           72128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              183936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       111808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         111808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 2874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           32031812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           20663911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               52695722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      32031812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          32031812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          146683                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                146683                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          146683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          32031812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          20663911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              52842405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1747.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1123.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000548500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 6644                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         2874                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       2874                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      18862750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    14350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 72675250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6572.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25322.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2244                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   2874                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     2870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     293.418530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    181.824346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    303.422241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           208     33.23%     33.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          176     28.12%     61.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           72     11.50%     72.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           40      6.39%     79.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           30      4.79%     84.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      3.04%     87.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      2.40%     89.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      2.08%     91.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           53      8.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  183680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   183936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         52.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      52.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3457965000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1199849.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       111808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        71872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 32031811.787894677371                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 20590569.340472649783                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1747                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1127                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            8                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     43283000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     29392250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24775.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26080.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1677900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy                891825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9282000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      275358720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         238786110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1139280480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1665277035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         477.084292                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2959564750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    116480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    414485250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2791740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1483845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11209800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      275358720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         433378410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         975413280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1699635795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.927714                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2531293750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    116480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    842756250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           297177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               297177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          299270                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              299270                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           3963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               3963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          3973                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              3973                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    133666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134240000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    134240000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       301140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           301140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       303243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          303243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33728.488519                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33728.488519                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33788.069469                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33788.069469                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2050                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2050                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125742000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125742000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126296000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126296000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31728.993187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31728.993187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31788.572867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31788.572867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       3716                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     56969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22279.624560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22279.624560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     51857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20280.406727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20280.406727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          98427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              98427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     76697000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76697000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          99833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54549.786629                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54549.786629                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73885000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73885000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014084                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014084                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52549.786629                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52549.786629                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.939220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  158001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  3716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.519107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.939220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                307215                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               307215                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2846                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          5320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7823                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    167137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97168000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    264305000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    167137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97168000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    264305000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.733246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.733246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31416.729323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38820.615262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33785.632110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31416.729323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38820.615262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33785.632110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1672                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1672                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    156497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92164000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    156497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92164000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29416.729323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36821.414303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31785.887767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29416.729323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36821.414303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31785.887767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8795                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    167137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97168000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    264305000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.733246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31416.729323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38820.615262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33785.632110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    156497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92164000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29416.729323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36821.414303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31785.887767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.867089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.333712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    57.549672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   364.656455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    77.660962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.112402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.712220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.151682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22026                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22026                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10669                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10668                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2050                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         9995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        13392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   23387                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       385408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       428544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   813952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            33480000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             20919000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            19860000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3490530000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6781917000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123183                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34225212                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   215247                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              417691962                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000039                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3494870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006782                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6781917000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364365                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000039                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3494870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      380190                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      200460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2571186                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6781906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6781906                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2507016                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1965784                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       321796                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16232                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3470853                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3470853                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6544669                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2944329                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      380105                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        580487                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     200382                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15502      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2858212     81.78%     82.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    33914      0.97%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.05%     83.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.02%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.03%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.02%     83.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.06%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   379150     10.85%     94.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  194864      5.58%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.03%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3494882                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    70                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5623                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4381                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10004                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1795                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2922                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104691000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66896000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    171587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104691000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66896000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    171587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         5508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         5508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.226056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.226056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58323.676880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59357.586513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58722.450376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58323.676880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59357.586513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58722.450376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101101000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    165743000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101101000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    165743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56323.676880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57357.586513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56722.450376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56323.676880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57357.586513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56722.450376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    92                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104691000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    171587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.226056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58323.676880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59357.586513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58722.450376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101101000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64642000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    165743000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56323.676880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57357.586513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56722.450376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2935                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2935                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2935                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2935                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2490.813772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               92                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.804348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.409831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1475.656667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1011.747274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.090067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.061752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.152027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2838                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2837                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.173218                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            18791                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           18791                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2562057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2562057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2562057                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2562057                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9129                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9129                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267861000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    267861000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267861000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    267861000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2571186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2571186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2571186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2571186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29341.767992                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29341.767992                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29341.767992                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29341.767992                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249603000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249603000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249603000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249603000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27341.767992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27341.767992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27341.767992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27341.767992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       8873                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2562057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2562057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267861000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    267861000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2571186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2571186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29341.767992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29341.767992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27341.767992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27341.767992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.761951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2117435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  8873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                238.638003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.761951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2580315                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2580315                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         5852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         5852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   5852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       187520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       187520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  187520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2962000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15514500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          114880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           72128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              187008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       114880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         114880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1795                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 2922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16939163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           10635341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               27574504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16939163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16939163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           75495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 75495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           75495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16939163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          10635341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              27649999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1795.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1123.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000548500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 7584                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         2922                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       2922                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      19584000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    14590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 74296500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6711.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25461.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2281                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   2922                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     2918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     293.174254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    182.020686                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    302.655339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           210     32.97%     32.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          181     28.41%     61.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           73     11.46%     72.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           40      6.28%     79.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           32      5.02%     84.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      2.98%     87.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      2.35%     89.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      2.20%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           53      8.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  186752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   187008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         27.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      27.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     5813930000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1984276.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       114880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        71872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16939163.366346120834                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 10597593.571257211268                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1795                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1127                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            8                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     44904250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     29392250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25016.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26080.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1692180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy                899415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9303420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      535351440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         287454990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2362247520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3196948965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         471.393113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6138544000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    226293250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    417079750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2856000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1518000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11531100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      535351440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         496664940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2186070720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3233992200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         476.855172                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5678117750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    226293250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    877506000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           568001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               568001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          571264                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              571264                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9374                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9374                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    226736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227310000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    227310000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       577365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           577365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       580638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          580638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24213.583938                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24213.583938                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24248.986559                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24248.986559                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4357                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4357                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    208010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    208564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22213.797522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22213.797522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22249.199915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22249.199915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9117                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          369536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              369536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    141376000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    141376000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       376917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          376917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19154.044167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19154.044167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17154.315133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17154.315133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         198465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             198465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1983                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1983                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     85360000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85360000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         200448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.009893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43045.890066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43045.890066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     81394000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81394000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009893                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009893                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41045.890066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41045.890066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.365944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  245771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.957442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.365944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                590011                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               590011                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3865                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5576                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5509                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12927                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136246000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    333781000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197535000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136246000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    333781000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           18503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          18503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.698643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.698643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26629.145322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24731.530223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25820.453315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26629.145322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24731.530223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25820.453315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2935                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2935                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    307929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    307929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24629.145322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22731.893266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23820.608030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24629.145322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22731.893266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23820.608030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15144                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197535000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136246000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    333781000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          18503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.698643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26629.145322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24731.530223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25820.453315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    307929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24629.145322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22731.893266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23820.608030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4357                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4357                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4357                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4357                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.755410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  21606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.426704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    34.681066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   423.163985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    47.910359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.067736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.826492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.093575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38516                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38516                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                18503                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               18502                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4357                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   41362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       878720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       584256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1462976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            45645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             40288000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10212228000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 125204                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34227968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   218129                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              423607277                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3018346                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5258600                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010212                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10212228000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            541830                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3018346                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5258600                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      565226                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      314400                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3910297                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10212217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10212217                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3731135                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2889671                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       475092                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21770                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5226182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5226182                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9962465                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4432065                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      565142                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        879463                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     314321                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22523      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4292135     81.62%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    57725      1.10%     83.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.04%     83.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.02%     83.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.04%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   564187     10.73%     94.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  308803      5.87%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.02%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5258613                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    70                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           15104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7612                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7492                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          15104                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2112                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1165                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3277                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69083000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    191342000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122259000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69083000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    191342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.178282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.178282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57887.784091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59298.712446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58389.380531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57887.784091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59298.712446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58389.380531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118035000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    184788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118035000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    184788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55887.784091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57298.712446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56389.380531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55887.784091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57298.712446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56389.380531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    94                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          15104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122259000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    191342000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.178282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57887.784091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59298.712446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58389.380531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    184788000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55887.784091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57298.712446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56389.380531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2623.304032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               94                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.659574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.608070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1576.641398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1043.054564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.096231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.063663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.160114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1633                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.194763                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25905                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25905                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3898618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3898618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3898618                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3898618                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          11679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              11679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         11679                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             11679                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    332273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    332273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3910297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3910297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3910297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3910297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28450.466650                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28450.466650                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28450.466650                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28450.466650                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308915000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    308915000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308915000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    308915000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26450.466650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26450.466650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26450.466650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26450.466650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      11423                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3898618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3898618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         11679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             11679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332273000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    332273000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3910297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3910297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28450.466650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28450.466650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    308915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26450.466650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26450.466650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.849619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3657089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 11423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                320.151361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.849619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3921976                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3921976                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       210240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       210240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  210240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3317000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           17388000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          135168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           74560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              209728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       135168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         135168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13235897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            7301051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               20536948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13235897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13235897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           50136                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 50136                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           50136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13235897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           7301051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              20587084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2112.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1161.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000548500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9176                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3277                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3277                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      20869250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    16365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 82238000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6376.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25126.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2591                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3277                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     307.143695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    189.770195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    310.522604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           219     32.11%     32.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          186     27.27%     59.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           75     11.00%     70.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           46      6.74%     77.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           38      5.57%     82.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      3.52%     86.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           17      2.49%     88.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      2.20%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           62      9.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  209472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   209728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         20.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      20.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10053628000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3060465.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       135168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        74304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13235897.200885055587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 7275983.262418347411                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2112                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1165                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            8                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     51924000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     30314000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24585.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26020.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1956360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1039830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             11559660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      805793040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         394044420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3589668960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4804062270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         470.422543                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9328535500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    340860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    542832500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2913120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1548360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11809560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      805793040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         564302280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3446293920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4832660280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         473.222913                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8953772000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    340860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    917596000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           860297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               860297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          864611                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              864611                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15002                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15002                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    325895000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    325895000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    326469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       875289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           875289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       879613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          879613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21737.926894                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21737.926894                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21761.698440                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21761.698440                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6784                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6784                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    295913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    296467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19738.060299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19738.060299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19761.831756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19761.831756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14745                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          548521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              548521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    228843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    228843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       560902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          560902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.022073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18483.401987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18483.401987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    204081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    204081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16483.401987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16483.401987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         311776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             311776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97052000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     97052000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       314387                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         314387                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008305                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.008305                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37170.432784                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37170.432784                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     91832000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91832000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008305                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008305                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35171.198774                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35171.198774                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.586632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  345047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.400949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.586632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                894614                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               894614                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244447000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179294000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    423741000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244447000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179294000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    423741000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           26681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          26681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.688955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.688955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25138.523241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20708.477708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23051.952997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25138.523241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20708.477708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23051.952997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    386979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    386979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23138.523241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18708.708709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21052.061800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23138.523241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18708.708709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21052.061800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21930                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244447000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179294000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    423741000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          26681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.688955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25138.523241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20708.477708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23051.952997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    386979000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23138.523241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18708.708709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21052.061800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.852982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  32683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.490333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    26.529423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   444.749878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    36.573681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.051815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.868652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.071433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                55907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               55907                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                26681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               26680                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6784                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   60145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1394240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       747456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2141696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            58395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            75005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13326144000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 129074                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34229544                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   224074                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              430008305                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000028                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6944139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013326                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13326144000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            711442                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6944139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      739034                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      401393                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5156357                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13326133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13326133                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5001081                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3934132                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       630200                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       25505                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6902709                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6902709                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13096679                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5869353                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      738920                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1140229                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     401309                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 29537      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5692697     81.98%     82.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    74922      1.08%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.03%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   737965     10.63%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  395791      5.70%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6944152                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    70                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9113                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9464                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18577                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2255                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3451                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70751000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    201453000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70751000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    201453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        22028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        22028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.156664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.156664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57960.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59156.354515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58375.253550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57960.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59156.354515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58375.253550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68359000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    194551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126192000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68359000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    194551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55960.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57156.354515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56375.253550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55960.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57156.354515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56375.253550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    96                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130702000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70751000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    201453000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        22028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57960.975610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59156.354515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58375.253550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126192000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68359000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55960.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57156.354515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56375.253550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5289                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5289                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5289                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5289                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2795.467574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               96                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.520833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.699652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1719.703748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1072.064174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.104962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.065434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.170622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          637                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2726                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.205261                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            30776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           30776                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5142864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5142864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5142864                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5142864                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13493                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13493                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    374226000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    374226000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    374226000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    374226000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5156357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5156357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5156357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5156357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27734.825465                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27734.825465                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27734.825465                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27734.825465                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    347240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    347240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    347240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    347240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25734.825465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25734.825465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25734.825465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25734.825465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13237                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5142864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5142864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    374226000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    374226000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5156357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5156357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27734.825465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27734.825465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    347240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    347240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25734.825465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25734.825465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.352098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4755734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                359.275818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.352098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5169850                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5169850                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       221376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       221376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  221376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18307500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              220864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10829839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            5743897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               16573737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10829839                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10829839                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           38421                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 38421                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           38421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10829839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           5743897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              16612157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2255.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000548500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10324                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3451                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3451                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      21926250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 86557500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6360.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25110.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2738                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3451                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     311.153738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    191.735860                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    312.614933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           228     32.16%     32.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          189     26.66%     58.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           77     10.86%     69.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           48      6.77%     76.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      5.78%     82.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      3.81%     86.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      2.54%     88.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      2.26%     90.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           65      9.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  220608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   220864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         16.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      16.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11055489000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3196151.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10829839.449431132525                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 5724686.751096190885                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2255                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1196                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            8                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     55607250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     30950250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24659.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25878.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2042040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1085370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12237960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1051649040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         457387950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4732070880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6256473240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         469.488641                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12297929500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    444860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    583354500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3020220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1605285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12373620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1051649040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         630986010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4585883040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6285517215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         471.668115                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11915796750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    444860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    965487250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1115181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1115181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1121694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1121694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          18704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              18704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         18720                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             18720                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    391181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    391869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1133885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1133885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1140414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1140414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20914.296407                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20914.296407                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20933.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20933.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8455                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8455                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    353775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    354431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18914.403336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18914.403336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18933.279915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18933.279915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18463                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          716920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              716920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         15585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             15585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    284644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       732505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          732505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18263.971768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18263.971768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253476000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    253476000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16264.100096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16264.100096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         398261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             398261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    106537000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    106537000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       401380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         401380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34157.422251                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34157.422251                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    100299000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100299000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007771                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007771                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32157.422251                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32157.422251                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.150563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  616522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 33.392298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.150563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1159133                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1159133                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2125                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8059                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10184                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             22029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10661                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            22029                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273976000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    206939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    480915000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    206939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    480915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        18720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           32213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        18720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          32213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.683854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.683854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24100.633357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19410.843260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21830.995506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24100.633357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19410.843260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21830.995506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5289                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5289                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185619000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    436859000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185619000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    436859000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22100.633357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17411.030860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19831.086295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22100.633357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17411.030860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19831.086295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     26595                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            22029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273976000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    206939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    480915000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          32213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.683854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24100.633357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19410.843260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21830.995506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    436859000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22100.633357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17411.030860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19831.086295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8455                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8455                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8455                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8455                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.822015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                26595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.463471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    25.334829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   453.907651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    29.579535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.049482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.886538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.057773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                67775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               67775                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                32213                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               32212                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8455                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        45894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        26986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   72880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1739136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       863552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2602688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            67465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             74488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            93595000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16575124000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 132371                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34229544                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   229648                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              438783976                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000307                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8674975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016575                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16575124000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            888764                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000307                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8674975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      916601                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      502121                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6446496                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16575113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16575113                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6247916                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4923101                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       788328                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       30360                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8624967                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8624967                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16367342                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7334414                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      916487                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1418524                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     502037                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 36016      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7117906     82.05%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    95775      1.10%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   915532     10.55%     94.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  496519      5.72%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8674988                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    70                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           22903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10778                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12125                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          22903                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3455                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70751000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    201703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70751000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    201703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        26358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        26358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.173276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.131080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.173276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.131080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57969.012838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59156.354515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58380.028944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57969.012838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59156.354515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58380.028944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68359000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    194793000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68359000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    194793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.173276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.173276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55969.012838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57156.354515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56380.028944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55969.012838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57156.354515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56380.028944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    96                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          22903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70751000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    201703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        26358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.173276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57969.012838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59156.354515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58380.028944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68359000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194793000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.173276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55969.012838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57156.354515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56380.028944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2907.256272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               96                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.520833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.758525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1812.824686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1090.673060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.110646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.066569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.177445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          533                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2834                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.205505                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            36335                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           36335                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6431033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6431033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6431033                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6431033                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    410697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    410697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6446496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6446496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26559.981892                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26559.981892                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26559.981892                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26559.981892                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    379771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    379771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24559.981892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24559.981892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24559.981892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24559.981892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15207                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6431033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6431033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410697000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    410697000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6446496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26559.981892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26559.981892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    379771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24559.981892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24559.981892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.675112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6064444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                398.792924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.675112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6461959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6461959                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       221632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       221632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  221632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18329250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              221120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8722469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            4618005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               13340473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8722469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8722469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           30890                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 30890                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           30890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8722469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           4618005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              13371363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2259.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000548500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11166                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3455                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3455                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      21967500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 86673750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6365.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25115.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2739                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3455                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     310.202247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    191.037365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    312.304089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           230     32.30%     32.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          190     26.69%     58.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           77     10.81%     69.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           48      6.74%     76.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      5.76%     82.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      3.79%     86.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      2.53%     88.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      2.25%     90.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           65      9.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  220864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   221120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         13.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      13.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14713891000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     4248885.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8722468.682587230578                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 4602559.836053111590                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1196                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            8                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     55723500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     30950250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24667.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25878.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2042040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1085370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12237960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1307953920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         504212880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5940247680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7767779850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         468.640829                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15438489500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    553280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    583354500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3041640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1616670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12402180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1307953920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         680417550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5791864800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7797296760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         470.421625                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15050596750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    553280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    971247250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1387437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1387437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1395084                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1395084                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23625                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23625                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475416000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    475416000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    476104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1411046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1411046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1418709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1418709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20137.066373                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20137.066373                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20152.550265                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20152.550265                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10582                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10582                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    428200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    428200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    428856000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    428856000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18137.151086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18137.151086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18152.634921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18152.634921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23368                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          889009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              889009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    360448000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    360448000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       908938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          908938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18086.607456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18086.607456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320592000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320592000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16086.707813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16086.707813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         498428                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             498428                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    114968000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    114968000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       502108                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         502108                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31241.304348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31241.304348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107608000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107608000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29241.304348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29241.304348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.513081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  707999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.297800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.513081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1442333                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1442333                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               12729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              12729                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             26359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            26359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    295915000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241532000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    537447000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    295915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241532000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    537447000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.674350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.674350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22698.090051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18130.310764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20389.506430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22698.090051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18130.310764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20389.506430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6514                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6514                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214890000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    484731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214890000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    484731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20698.090051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16130.460892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18389.582306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20698.090051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16130.460892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18389.582306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     32142                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              12729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            26359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    295915000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241532000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    537447000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.674350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22698.090051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18130.310764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20389.506430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214890000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    484731000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20698.090051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16130.460892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18389.582306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.444949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  48255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                32142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.501307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.887046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   461.869797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    24.688105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.044701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.902089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.048219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                82324                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               82324                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39088                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39087                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10582                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        30926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   88757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2189184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       989632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3178816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            77315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             91998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19869696000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 134554                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34229544                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   232327                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              444060954                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6020657                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10395566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019870                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19869696000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055905                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6020657                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10395566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1102246                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      586189                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7766692                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19869685                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19869685                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7506143                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5993617                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       938806                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       34214                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10334100                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10334100                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19573806                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8811632                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1102104                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1688203                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     586099                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 46086      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8539624     82.15%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   114899      1.11%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1101149     10.59%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  580581      5.58%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10395579                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    70                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        13393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        13393                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14338                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27731                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3459                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70973000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    201925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70973000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    201925000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        31190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        31190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.110901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57969.012838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59144.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58376.698468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57969.012838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59144.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58376.698468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68573000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    195007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68573000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    195007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55969.012838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57144.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56376.698468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55969.012838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57144.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56376.698468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    96                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        13393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70973000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    201925000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        31190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.110901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57969.012838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59144.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58376.698468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68573000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55969.012838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57144.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56376.698468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2983.692931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               96                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.520833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.798564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1876.358555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1103.535812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.114524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.067354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.182110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.205750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            42083                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           42083                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7748320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7748320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7748320                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7748320                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          18372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              18372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         18372                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             18372                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    464790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    464790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7766692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7766692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7766692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7766692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25298.824298                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25298.824298                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25298.824298                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25298.824298                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    428048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    428048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23298.933159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23298.933159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23298.933159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23298.933159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      18115                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7748320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7748320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         18372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             18372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464790000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    464790000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7766692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7766692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25298.824298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25298.824298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428048000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    428048000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23298.933159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23298.933159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.894790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7525667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 18115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                415.438421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.894790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7785063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7785063                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       221888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       221888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  221888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3499000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18350500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              221376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7276206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            3865182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               11141388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7276206                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7276206                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           25768                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 25768                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           25768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7276206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           3865182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              11167156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2259.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1196.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000548500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12020                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3459                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3459                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      21981250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 86762500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6362.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25112.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2742                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3459                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     310.126227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    191.115807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    312.091298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           230     32.26%     32.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          190     26.65%     58.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           78     10.94%     69.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           48      6.73%     76.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      5.75%     82.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      3.79%     86.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      2.52%     88.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      2.24%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           65      9.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  221120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   221376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         11.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      11.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18841263000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     5434457.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7276205.936920222826                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 3852298.495155638084                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1200                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            8                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     55723500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31039000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24667.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25865.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2042040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1085370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12237960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1567946640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         551711550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7165364160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9300387720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         468.068949                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18623081500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    663260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    583354500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3048780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1620465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12430740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1567946640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         728763810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7016267520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9330077955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         469.563196                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18233316000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    663260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    973120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1650029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1650029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1660910                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1660910                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         27512                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             27512                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    542421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    543532000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    543532000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1677514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1677514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1688422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1688422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19735.164635                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19735.164635                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19756.179122                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19756.179122                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487451000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    487451000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488508000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    488508000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17735.164635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17735.164635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17756.179122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17756.179122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      27256                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1067991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1067991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         23347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             23347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420311000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    420311000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1091338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1091338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18002.784084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18002.784084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373617000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    373617000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16002.784084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16002.784084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         582038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             582038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    122110000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    122110000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       586176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         586176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007059                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007059                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29509.424843                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29509.424843                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113834000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113834000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27509.424843                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27509.424843                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.759625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  956952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 27256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.109774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.759625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1715934                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1715934                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11974                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329910000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270567000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    600477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329910000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270567000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    600477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.679779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.679779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21076.470964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17413.244948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19251.611042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21076.470964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17413.244948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19251.611042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239491000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    538097000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239491000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    538097000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19076.598735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15413.244948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17251.675163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19076.598735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15413.244948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17251.675163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     37885                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270567000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    600477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.679779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21076.470964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17413.244948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19251.611042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239491000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    538097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19076.598735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15413.244948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17251.675163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.868599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                37885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.518701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.240113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   465.973584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    21.654902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.043438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.042295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                96562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               96562                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45884                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  104048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2546752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1175744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3722496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            91855000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            107289000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           137560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23110660000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 138089                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34229544                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   238770                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    50.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              455902353                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12103767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023111                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23110660000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1234926                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12103767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1268733                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      699419                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9037344                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23110660                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23110660                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8715815                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             6872163                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1094083                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       40476                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12034537                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12034537                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22871162                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10244356                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1268591                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1967920                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     699329                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 52096      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9937560     82.10%     82.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   139437      1.15%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267636     10.47%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  693811      5.73%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12103780                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    70                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           33252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15429                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17823                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          33252                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3459                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70973000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    201925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70973000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    201925000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.063082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.094222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.063082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.094222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57969.012838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59144.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58376.698468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57969.012838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59144.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58376.698468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68573000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    195007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68573000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    195007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.063082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.063082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55969.012838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57144.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56376.698468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55969.012838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57144.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56376.698468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    96                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          33252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70973000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    201925000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.063082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.094222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57969.012838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59144.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58376.698468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68573000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.063082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55969.012838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57144.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56376.698468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3038.007618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              45673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            13.173637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.826813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1921.184035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1112.996771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.117260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.067932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.185425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.205750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            49140                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           49140                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9016721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9016721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9016721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9016721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20623                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20623                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    506718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    506718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9037344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9037344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24570.528051                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24570.528051                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24570.528051                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24570.528051                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    465472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465472000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    465472000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22570.528051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22570.528051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22570.528051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22570.528051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20367                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9016721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9016721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    506718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9037344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24570.528051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24570.528051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465472000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    465472000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22570.528051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22570.528051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.049781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9037344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                438.216748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.049781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9057967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9057967                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       221888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       221888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  221888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3499000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18350500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              221376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6255814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            3323142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total                9578956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6255814                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6255814                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           22154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 22154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           22154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6255814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           3323142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total               9601110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2259.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1196.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000548500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12854                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3459                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3459                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      21981250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 86762500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6362.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25112.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2742                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3459                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     310.126227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    191.115807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    312.091298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           230     32.26%     32.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          190     26.65%     58.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           78     10.94%     69.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           48      6.73%     76.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      5.75%     82.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      3.79%     86.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      2.52%     88.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      2.24%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           65      9.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  221120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   221376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                          9.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                       9.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18841263000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     5434457.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6255814.416377549991                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 3312064.648954205215                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2259                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1200                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            8                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     55723500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31039000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24667.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25865.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2042040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1085370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12237960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1824251520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         598536480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8370462720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10808616090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         467.689633                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21755625500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    771680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    583354500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3048780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1620465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12430740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1824251520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         775588740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8221366080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10838306325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         468.974332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21365860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    771680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    973120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1923392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1923392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1934273                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1934273                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          33839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              33839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         33866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             33866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    651702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    651702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    652813000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    652813000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1957231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1957231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1968139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1968139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19258.902450                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19258.902450                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19276.353865                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19276.353865                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         33839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584024000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    584024000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    585081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17258.902450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17258.902450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17276.353865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17276.353865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33610                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1228829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1228829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         28996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             28996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    519005000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    519005000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1257825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1257825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17899.192992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17899.192992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461013000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    461013000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15899.192992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15899.192992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         694563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             694563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132697000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    132697000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699406                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699406                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.006924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27399.752220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27399.752220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123011000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123011000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006924                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006924                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25399.752220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25399.752220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.933572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1968139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 33866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 58.115485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.933572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2002005                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2002005                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14843                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17778                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         19023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356378000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    672250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356378000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    672250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           54489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          54489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.673732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.673732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20148.009950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16604.741629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18311.950097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20148.009950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16604.741629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18311.950097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321002000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277826000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    598828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321002000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277826000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    598828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18148.009950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14604.741629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16311.950097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18148.009950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14604.741629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16311.950097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     44939                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356378000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    672250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          54489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.673732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20148.009950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16604.741629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18311.950097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277826000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    598828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18148.009950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14604.741629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16311.950097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.167500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  69508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.529295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    21.889267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   468.788234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    19.489999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.042752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.915602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.038066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               114959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              114959                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                54489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               54489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  123997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3128640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1319872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4448512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           103115000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            129584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           169330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
