
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               850775169000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 234963                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 721316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   284876                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                            19989972108                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    10000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12124344                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.850775                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                850775169000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            426122                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                    10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12124344                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       10862                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     8317505                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         32418                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    15453717                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        850775169                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  850775169                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2134362                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2517605                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       423518                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                7882191                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       7882191                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              7883856                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12137865                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12137865                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            29695202                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3394818                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10814                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       8328318                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8317504                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3809124     31.38%     31.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10444      0.09%     31.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  437732      3.61%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.00%     35.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            7879772     64.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12140549                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1037118                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1708                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_requests        2075141                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             1708                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1035448                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2073337                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1034979                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1036951                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1036951                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3Dram.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave      3111226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3Dram.mem_side::total      3111226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3111226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3Dram.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave    132663552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3Dram.mem_side::total    132663552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               132663552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1037889                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1037889    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1037889                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          6213253000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         5470199000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 850775169000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         15452837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             15452837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15452837                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            15452837                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           880                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               880                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    605391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    605391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    605391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    605391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     15453717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         15453717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     15453717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        15453717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 687944.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687944.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 687944.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687944.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603631000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    603631000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603631000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    603631000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 685944.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 685944.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 685944.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 685944.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        487                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15452837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            15452837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    605391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    605391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     15453717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        15453717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 687944.318182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 687944.318182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603631000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    603631000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 685944.318182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 685944.318182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 850775169000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               392.827605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   31813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 65.324435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                777000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   392.827605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.767241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.767241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.767578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              15454597                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             15454597                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 850775169000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_delay.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 850775169000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        66375616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            66424896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     66238592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         66238592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data          1037119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1037889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1034978                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1034978                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst              57924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           78017811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               78075734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst         57924                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total             57924                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        77856753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              77856753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        77856753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst             57924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          78017811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             155932487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1034978.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       770.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   1037119.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000876926500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         60089                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         60089                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              3278304                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              976579                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1037889                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1034978                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1037889                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1034978                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              64902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              64855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              64858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              64842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              64975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              64837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              64818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              64834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              64837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              64836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             64871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             64919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             64900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             64909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             64892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             64804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              64642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              64658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              64680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              64650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              64703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              64657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              64658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              64640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              64640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              64707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             64705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             64768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             64768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             64741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             64702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             64640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   11305149250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  5189445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              30765568000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10892.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29642.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    866540                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   926789                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  83.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 89.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1037889                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1034978                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  1037889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   27214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   46323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   60090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   60090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   60089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   60089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   60089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   60089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   60089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   60089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   60089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   60089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   60089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   60089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   60089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   60089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   60089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   60089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       279518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     474.610150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    334.430941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    333.869215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         39646     14.18%     14.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        50984     18.24%     32.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        26431      9.46%     41.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24635      8.81%     50.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        55677     19.92%     70.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767        24780      8.87%     79.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2215      0.79%     80.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1975      0.71%     80.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        53175     19.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        279518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        60089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.272463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.209681                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       9.181121                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          60087    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          60089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        60089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.223768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.205162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.794938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             13767     22.91%     22.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17             19109     31.80%     54.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             27213     45.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          60089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                66424896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 66237376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 66424896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              66238592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         78.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         77.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      78.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      77.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   850774366000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      410433.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     66375616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     66237376                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 57923.646335286961                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 78017810.602086335421                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 77855323.490288645029                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          770                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      1037119                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1034978                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     23377750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  30742190250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 20311114329000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30360.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29641.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  19624682.20                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             997665060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             530267760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           3705431520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2702242620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      67159254240.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy      195975750420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy      161665454400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy        432736066020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.637395                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 417835115750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF  28409160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT 404530893250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             998100600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             530503050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           3705095940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2700243360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      67159254240.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy      195946854840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy      161689787520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy        432729839550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.630077                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 417899422500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF  28409160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 404466586500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 850775169000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               81                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::total                   82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              81                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.data               1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::total                  82                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.data        1037119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::total            1037889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           770                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.data       1037119                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::total           1037889                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    562653000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 757006001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::total 757568654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    562653000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 757006001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::total 757568654000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1037120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::total          1037971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1037120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::total         1037971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.904818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::total        0.999921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.904818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::total       0.999921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 730718.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 729912.383246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 729912.981061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 730718.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 729912.383246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 729912.981061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.writebacks::.writebacks         1034979                       # number of writebacks
system.l3Dram.writebacks::total               1034979                       # number of writebacks
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1037119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::total       1037889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1037119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::total      1037889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    535703000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 720706836000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 721242539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    535703000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 720706836000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 721242539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.904818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.904818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 695718.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 694912.383246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694912.981061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 695718.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 694912.383246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694912.981061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.replacements                    1036055                       # number of replacements
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1036004                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1036004                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1036004                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1036004                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          242                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          242                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data      1036951                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::total         1036951                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 756882490000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 756882490000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1036951                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::total       1036951                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 729911.529089                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 729911.529089                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1036951                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total      1036951                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 720589205000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 720589205000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 694911.529089                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694911.529089                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst           81                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            82                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst          770                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          168                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          938                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    562653000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123511000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    686164000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          851                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          169                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1020                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.904818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994083                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.919608                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 730718.181818                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 735184.523810                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 731518.123667                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          770                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          168                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          938                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    535703000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117631000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    653334000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.904818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.919608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 695718.181818                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 700184.523810                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696518.123667                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 850775169000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3Dram.tags.tagsinuse              2045.016478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3Dram.tags.total_refs                 2071211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.sampled_refs               1036055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.avg_refs                  1.999132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.warmup_cycle                721000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.178872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.982774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2043.854833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1098                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.tag_accesses               3112628                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.data_accesses              3112628                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 850775169000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                1067                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       3107516                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::CleanEvict              2938                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExReq            1036956                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExResp           1036956                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           1067                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3110917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 3113164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    132715264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        56320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                132771584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoops                           2073336                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bar.snoopTraffic                   132542912                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::samples            3111359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::mean              0.000549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.023423                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::0                  3109651     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::1                     1708      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::total              3111359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4148207000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2640000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3111429000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 850775169000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             29                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             23                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 52                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       1037120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1037971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1037120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1037971                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    600379000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 799527956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 800128335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    600379000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 799527956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 800128335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1037143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1038023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1037143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1038023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.967045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.967045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 705498.237368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 770911.713206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 770858.082740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 705498.237368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 770911.713206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 770858.082740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1036004                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1036004                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1037120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1037971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1037120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1037971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    583359000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 778785556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 779368915000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    583359000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 778785556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 779368915000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.967045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.967045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 685498.237368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 750911.713206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750858.082740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 685498.237368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 750911.713206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750858.082740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                   1037281                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1036533                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1036533                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1036533                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1036533                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          322                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          322                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total                5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data      1036951                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        1036951                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 799397481000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 799397481000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1036956                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1036956                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 770911.529089                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 770911.529089                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1036951                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total      1036951                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 778658461000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 778658461000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 750911.529089                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750911.529089                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst          851                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          169                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    600379000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    130475000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    730854000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          880                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          187                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1067                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.967045                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903743                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.955951                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 705498.237368                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 772041.420118                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 716523.529412                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          851                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          169                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1020                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    583359000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    127095000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    710454000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.967045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 685498.237368                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 752041.420118                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696523.529412                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 850775169000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             1023.133923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2073283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1037281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle               756000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.166906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.574019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1022.392998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              3113446                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             3113446                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 850775169000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          7275019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              7275019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7275019                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             7275019                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        1037143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total            1037143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       1037143                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total           1037143                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 804714154000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 804714154000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 804714154000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 804714154000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      8312162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          8312162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      8312162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8312162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 775895.082935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 775895.082935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 775895.082935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 775895.082935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1036533                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total               1036533                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1037143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       1037143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1037143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1037143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 802639868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 802639868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 802639868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 802639868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 773895.082935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773895.082935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 773895.082935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773895.082935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                    1036631                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    131788000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131788000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.017216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 704748.663102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 704748.663102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    131414000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131414000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 702748.663102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702748.663102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        7264344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            7264344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1036956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          1036956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 804582366000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 804582366000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      8301300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        8301300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 775907.913161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 775907.913161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1036956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1036956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 802508454000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 802508454000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124915                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124915                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 773907.913161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773907.913161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 850775169000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               511.536226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 8308072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1036631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.014493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               1560000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.536226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               9349305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              9349305                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 850775169000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 850775169000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 850775169000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 850775169000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
