
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                  293243000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 174731                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1297776                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   360549                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     0.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              955535648                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                       53565                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        110624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000293                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   293243000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             13544                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                       53565                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                        110624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       12540                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            25                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                        8497                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            14                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       71191                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           101                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                           293243                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               293242.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads                65511                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes               33117                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        10106                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   1698                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          1698                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 2794                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1316                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        2955                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                109199                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                       109199                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads              204187                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes              87203                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       12526                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                         21020                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                       8494                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   345      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                     87946     79.50%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        5      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.04%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.01%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.01%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      666      0.60%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.01%     80.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      264      0.24%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     300      0.27%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    12284     11.10%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                    8342      7.54%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 242      0.22%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                     110628                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    12                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            69931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total                69931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           69931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total               69931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1260                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1260                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72862000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72862000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72862000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72862000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        71191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total            71191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        71191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total           71191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57826.984127                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57826.984127                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57826.984127                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57826.984127                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70342000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70342000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70342000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70342000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55826.984127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55826.984127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55826.984127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55826.984127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1004                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           69931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total               69931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        71191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total           71191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.017699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57826.984127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57826.984127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70342000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70342000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55826.984127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55826.984127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               206.754340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   71191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1260                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 56.500794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   206.754340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.807634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.807634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses                 72451                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses                72451                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          126                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         2960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total         2960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   2960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        98752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        98752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   98752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2047000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            7559500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           59264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           31424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total               90688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        59264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          59264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         8064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             8064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data              491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 1417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          202098601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          107160273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              309258874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     202098601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         202098601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        27499378                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              27499378                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        27499378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         202098601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         107160273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             336758252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       124.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       926.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples       472.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000317198750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 2992                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  99                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         1417                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         126                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       1417                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       126                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                 81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                 68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13                54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       17.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      11763250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                     6990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 37975750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8414.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27164.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      1009                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       84                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 67.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   1417                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   126                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     1397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     234.130653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    163.191079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    221.412100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           126     31.66%     31.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          137     34.42%     66.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           47     11.81%     77.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           35      8.79%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           23      5.78%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      2.76%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      1.51%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      1.01%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      2.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      228.833333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     163.210354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     254.287567                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1     16.67%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1     16.67%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            2     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.500000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.482753                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.836660                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1     16.67%     16.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1     16.67%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 4     66.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                   89472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     6720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                    90688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  8064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        305.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         22.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     309.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      27.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                      293208000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      190024.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        59264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        30208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         6720                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 202098600.819115877151                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 103013541.670218899846                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 22916148.041044458747                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          926                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data          491                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          126                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24908500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     13067250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks   4317858500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26899.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26613.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  34268718.25                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1463700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy                759000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              5412120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              250560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      22741680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         112488360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy          17878560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy           160993980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         549.012184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     45309000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      9620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    238314000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               1463700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy                751410                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy              4569600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              297540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      22741680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         121065150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy          10656000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy           161545080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         550.891513                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     26612000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      9620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    257011000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            20429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total                20429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           20429                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total               20429                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data            604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total                604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data           604                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total               604                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     37334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     37334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        21033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total            21033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        21033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total           21033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61811.258278                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61811.258278                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61811.258278                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61811.258278                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks             262                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                   262                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     36126000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36126000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     36126000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36126000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59811.258278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59811.258278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59811.258278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59811.258278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                        372                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               12268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           12540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56911.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56911.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54911.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54911.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           8161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               8161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data          332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total              332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     21854000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21854000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           8493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.039091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65825.301205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65825.301205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     21190000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21190000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039091                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039091                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63825.301205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63825.301205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               176.598766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                   21033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                   604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 34.822848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   176.598766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.689839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.689839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                 21637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses                21637                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            113                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                447                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              1417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          926                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          491                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             1417                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62254000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32691000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     94945000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62254000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32691000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     94945000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            1864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           1864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.734921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.812914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.760193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.734921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.812914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.760193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67228.941685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66580.448065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67004.234298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67228.941685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66580.448065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67004.234298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks            126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60402000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     31709000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60402000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     31709000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.734921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.812914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.734921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.812914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65228.941685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64580.448065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65004.234298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65228.941685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64580.448065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65004.234298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      1094                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             1417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62254000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32691000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94945000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data          604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           1864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.734921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.812914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.760193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67228.941685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66580.448065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67004.234298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60402000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     31709000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.734921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.812914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65228.941685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64580.448065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65004.234298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          262                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total          262                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          262                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          262                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              363.334102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                   2126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 1571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.353278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    36.491626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   222.534697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   104.307779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.071273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.434638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.203726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.709637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.931641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                 3697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses                3697                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1864                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                1864                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           262                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                    3990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        55424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        80640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   136064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             6300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy              3174000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy             3020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    293243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
