
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4006698000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  85355                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34253872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   161465                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              341944572                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000116                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1891944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004007                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4006698000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            223455                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1891944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      225137                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      144021                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1309744                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           156                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4006687                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4006687                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1147006                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              614914                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       165220                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  23266                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         23266                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                37360                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               18378                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       39472                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1870217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1870217                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3664632                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1502293                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      224831                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        368785                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     143954                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7027      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1497877     79.17%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      177      0.01%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       210      0.01%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      77      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     8578      0.45%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      144      0.01%     80.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4448      0.24%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    4605      0.24%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   220484     11.65%     92.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  143237      7.57%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4347      0.23%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                717      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1891965                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            9398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6922                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2476                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           9398                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2404                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2021                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4425                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148210000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    127409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    275619000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    127409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    275619000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        13823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        13823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.257774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.449411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.320119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.257774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.449411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.320119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61651.414309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63042.553191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62286.779661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61651.414309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63042.553191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62286.779661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          424                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              424                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143402000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    266769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143402000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123367000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    266769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.257774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.449411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.320119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.257774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.449411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.320119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59651.414309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61042.553191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60286.779661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59651.414309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61042.553191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60286.779661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2341                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           9398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    127409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    275619000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        13823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.257774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.449411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.320119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61651.414309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63042.553191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62286.779661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143402000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123367000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    266769000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.257774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.449411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.320119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59651.414309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61042.553191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60286.779661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1926.144438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.166595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    48.810989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   963.028471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   914.304978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.011917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.235114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.223219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.470250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          350                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.581055                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            21393                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           21393                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1295858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1295858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1295858                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1295858                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13886                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13886                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    389324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    389324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1309744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1309744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28037.159729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28037.159729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28037.159729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28037.159729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26037.159729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26037.159729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26037.159729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26037.159729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13630                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1295858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1295858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    389324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1309744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28037.159729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28037.159729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    361552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26037.159729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26037.159729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.673960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1220337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 89.533162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.673960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.983101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1323630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1323630                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4425                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4425                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       310336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       310336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  310336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6545000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           23703250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          153856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          129344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              283200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       153856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         153856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        27136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            27136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           424                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 424                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           38399700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           32281944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               70681644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      38399700                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          38399700                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         6772659                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6772659                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         6772659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          38399700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32281944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              77454303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       359.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2404.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1954.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002529416500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            19                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            19                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10156                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 311                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4425                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         424                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4425                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       424                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      67                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     65                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                 84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      46969000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    21790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                128681500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10777.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29527.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2658                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      262                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4425                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   424                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     169.761177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    125.965806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    163.790365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           774     43.80%     43.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          580     32.82%     76.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          263     14.88%     91.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           62      3.51%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           33      1.87%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.96%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.57%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      0.74%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      0.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      223.578947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      98.884504                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     522.572304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             13     68.42%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5     26.32%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      5.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.368421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.342794                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.955134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     31.58%     31.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                13     68.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  278912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    21120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   283200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 27136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         69.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          5.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      70.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4002570000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      825442.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       153856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       125056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        21120                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 38399699.702847577631                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 31211735.948154810816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 5271173.420108028688                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2404                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2021                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          424                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     68011750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     60669750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  63425720250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28291.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30019.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 149588962.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6426000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3415500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             15215340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              652500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      315924960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1113303480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         601053600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2055991380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         513.138594                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1552213000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    133640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2320845000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6197520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3290265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             15900780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1070100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      315924960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         841544010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         829903680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2013831315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.616198                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2149026000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    133640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1724032000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           359992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               359992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          360067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              360067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9070                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9070                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    277514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    277514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       369062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           369062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       369137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          369137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30596.912900                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30596.912900                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30596.912900                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30596.912900                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3855                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3855                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    259376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    259376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28597.133407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28597.133407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28597.133407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28597.133407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8813                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          218639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              218639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       225062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          225062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22159.427059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22159.427059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    129486000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129486000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20159.738440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20159.738440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         141353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             141353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2647                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2647                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135184000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    135184000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       144000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         144000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51070.646014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51070.646014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    129890000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129890000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018382                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018382                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49070.646014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49070.646014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.169032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  325538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 36.938386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.169032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.961598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.961598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                378206                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               378206                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9132                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             13824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            13824                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    446468000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264640000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    446468000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           22956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          22956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.602196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.602196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28376.581600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40424.188528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32296.585648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28376.581600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40424.188528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32296.585648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245988000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    172834000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    418822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245988000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    172834000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    418822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26376.581600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38424.633170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30296.730324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26376.581600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38424.633170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30296.730324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15690                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            13824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264640000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181828000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    446468000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          22956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.602196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28376.581600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40424.188528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32296.585648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245988000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    172834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    418822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26376.581600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38424.633170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30296.730324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.434489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  25128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.601530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.359811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   235.408865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   196.665813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.131562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.459783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.384113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.975458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                43013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               43013                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                22956                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               22955                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3855                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   49766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       827136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1715840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             42231000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            45345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4006698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7857068000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  93135                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34255396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   174355                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              365851877                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000147                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3744459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007857                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7857068000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            445464                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000147                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3744459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      468086                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            72                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      271414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            68                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2601097                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           158                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7857057                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7857057                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2296611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1246352                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       334566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  40540                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         40540                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                64927                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               32124                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       71291                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3705807                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3705807                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7294824                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2987565                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467654                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        738932                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     271278                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12023      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2961764     79.10%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      305      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       315      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     151      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14440      0.39%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      288      0.01%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7956      0.21%     80.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8242      0.22%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  57      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   459839     12.28%     92.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  270307      7.22%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7815      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                971      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3744489                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        17516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           23032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        17516                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5516                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          23032                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3245                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3058                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6303                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    190974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    392651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    190974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    392651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        29335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        29335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.156303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.356660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.214863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.156303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.356660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.214863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62150.077042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62450.621321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62295.890846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62150.077042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62450.621321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62295.890846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          795                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              795                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195187000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    184858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    380045000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195187000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    184858000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    380045000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.156303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.356660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.156303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.356660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60150.077042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60450.621321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60295.890846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60150.077042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60450.621321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60295.890846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4038                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        17516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          23032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    190974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    392651000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        29335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.156303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.356660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.214863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62150.077042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62450.621321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62295.890846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195187000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    184858000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    380045000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.156303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.356660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60150.077042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60450.621321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60295.890846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2253.741489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               9411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.330609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    85.044071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   932.155203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1236.542216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.020763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.227577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.301890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.550230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.677734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            41346                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           41346                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2571157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2571157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2571157                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2571157                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29940                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29940                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    727947000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    727947000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    727947000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    727947000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2601097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2601097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24313.527054                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24313.527054                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24313.527054                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24313.527054                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    668069000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    668069000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    668069000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    668069000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22313.593854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22313.593854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22313.593854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22313.593854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      29683                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2571157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2571157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    727947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    727947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2601097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24313.527054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24313.527054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    668069000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    668069000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22313.593854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22313.593854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.793943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2466795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 83.104639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.793943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2631036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2631036                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       454272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       454272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  454272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10278000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           33795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          207680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          195712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              403392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       207680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         207680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        50880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            50880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           795                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 795                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           26432252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24909037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               51341289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      26432252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26432252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         6475698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6475698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         6475698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          26432252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24909037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              57816987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       607.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3245.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2877.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002529416500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            33                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            33                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15040                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 543                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6303                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         795                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6303                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       795                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     181                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    188                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      69389750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    30610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                184177250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11334.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30084.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3502                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      464                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6303                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   795                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     156.907760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    117.241181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    154.058548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1326     48.54%     48.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          848     31.04%     79.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          356     13.03%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           88      3.22%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           46      1.68%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.73%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.40%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.66%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      0.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      179.696970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      97.119396                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     398.757483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             21     63.64%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           10     30.30%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      3.03%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.454545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.430981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.904534                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 9     27.27%     27.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                24     72.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  391808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    11584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    36864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   403392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 50880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         49.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      51.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7851667000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1106180.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       207680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       184128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        36864                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 26432251.827271953225                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 23434695.996012762189                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4691826.518492649309                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3245                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3058                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          795                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     93398750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     90778500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 152240403500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28782.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29685.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 191497362.89                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7689780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4087215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             16500540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1122300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      620171760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1398435150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1839484800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3887491545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.776365                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4768740500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    262340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2825987500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11816700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6280725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             27210540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1884420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      620171760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1861197060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1449790560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3978351765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.340503                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3750299750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    262340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3844428250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           721992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               721992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          17403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              17403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         17403                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             17403                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    480395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    480395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       739395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           739395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       739470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          739470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27604.148710                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27604.148710                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27604.148710                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27604.148710                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6911                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6911                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    445589000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    445589000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    445589000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    445589000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25604.148710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25604.148710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25604.148710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25604.148710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      17147                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          455335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              455335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270845000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    270845000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          468011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.027085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21366.756074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21366.756074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    245493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    245493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19366.756074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19366.756074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         266657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             266657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209550000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    209550000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       271384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         271384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44330.442141                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44330.442141                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    200096000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200096000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42330.442141                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42330.442141                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.986715                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  710899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 17147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.459089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.986715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.980417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                756873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               756873                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            9178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           9178                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8829                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18007                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         20762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             29336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            29336                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465080000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    761400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465080000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    761400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           47343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          47343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.619648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.619648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22400.539447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34560.298577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25954.458686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22400.539447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34560.298577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25954.458686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5197                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5197                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423558000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    702730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423558000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    702730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20400.635777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32560.298577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23954.526861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20400.635777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32560.298577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23954.526861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     33284                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           9178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            29336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    761400000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          47343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.619648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22400.539447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34560.298577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25954.458686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423558000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    702730000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20400.635777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32560.298577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23954.526861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.592240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  51770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                33284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.555402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.260106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   241.077795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   197.254338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.131367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.470855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.385262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                88050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               88050                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                47343                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               47342                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6911                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        59879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  101596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1556096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1916096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3472192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           149695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             81898000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            87015000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7857068000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11812784000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 100399                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34255920                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   187171                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    29.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              395303965                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000189                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5593190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011813                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11812784000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            662864                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5593190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      692898                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      417329                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            82                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3912325                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           159                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11812773                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11812773                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3407324                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1861968                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       498323                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  53485                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         53485                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                85765                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               42549                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      100495                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5539467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5539467                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10935029                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4458647                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      692367                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1109488                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     417121                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17198      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4424376     79.10%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      488      0.01%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       406      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     220      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19500      0.35%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      300      0.01%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    10330      0.18%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10776      0.19%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 129      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   682148     12.20%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  415928      7.44%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               10219      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1193      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5593227                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        30324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           39462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        30324                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9138                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          39462                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4095                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3882                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7977                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241530000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    499654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241530000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    499654000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        47439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        47439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.118975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.168153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.118975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.168153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63033.943834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62217.928903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62636.830889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63033.943834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62217.928903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62636.830889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1081                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1081                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249934000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233766000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    483700000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249934000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233766000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    483700000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.118975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.118975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61033.943834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60217.928903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60636.830889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61033.943834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60217.928903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60636.830889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  5460                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        30324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          39462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241530000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    499654000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        47439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.118975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.168153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63033.943834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62217.928903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62636.830889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233766000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    483700000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.118975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61033.943834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60217.928903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60636.830889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2495.597408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              13418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             5460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.457509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   101.516031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   912.028456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1482.052921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.024784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.222663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.361829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.609277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1518                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.772949                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            63526                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           63526                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3862387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3862387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3862387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3862387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          49938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              49938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         49938                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             49938                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1137635000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1137635000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1137635000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1137635000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3912325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3912325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22780.948376                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22780.948376                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22780.948376                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22780.948376                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         49938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1037759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1037759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20780.948376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20780.948376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20780.948376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20780.948376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      49682                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3862387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3862387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         49938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             49938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1137635000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1137635000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3912325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22780.948376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22780.948376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1037759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20780.948376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20780.948376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.532680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3648260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 49682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 73.432229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.532680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3962263                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3962263                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7977                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7977                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1081                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17035                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17035                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17035                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       579712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       579712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  579712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            13382000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           42813750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          262080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          248448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              510528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       262080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         262080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        69184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            69184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1081                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1081                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22186133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           21032129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               43218263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22186133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22186133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         5856706                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5856706                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         5856706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22186133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          21032129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              49074968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       754.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4095.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3600.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003942296500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            42                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            42                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19486                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 694                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7977                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1081                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7977                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1081                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     282                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    327                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      92017750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    38475000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                236299000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11958.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30708.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4116                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      595                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  53.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7977                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1081                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     145.049462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    109.255065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    144.936038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2008     53.98%     53.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1063     28.58%     82.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          410     11.02%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          112      3.01%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           52      1.40%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.54%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.32%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.59%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           21      0.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      182.119048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     110.732568                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     353.699969                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             22     52.38%     52.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           16     38.10%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      7.14%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      2.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.523810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.502228                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.862161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                10     23.81%     23.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                32     76.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  492480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    18048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    47104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   510528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 69184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         41.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      43.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11791999000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1301832.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       262080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       230400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        47104                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22186133.260372828692                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19504292.976151939481                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3987544.341791063081                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4095                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3882                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1081                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    121448250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    114850750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 253734800000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29657.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29585.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 234722294.17                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     55.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9781800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5199150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             19392240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1268460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      932408880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1899299850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2936699040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5804049420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.336286                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7616070000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    394420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3802294000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16779000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8918250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             35550060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2573460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      932408880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2791828650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2185095840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5973154140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.651685                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5652326000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    394420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5766038000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1083970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1083970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1084045                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1084045                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26145                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26145                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    678315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    678315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    678315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    678315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1110115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1110115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1110190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1110190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25944.348824                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25944.348824                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25944.348824                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25944.348824                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10179                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10179                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    626027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    626027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    626027000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    626027000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23944.425320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23944.425320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23944.425320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23944.425320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25888                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          673373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              673373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    410745000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    410745000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       692823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          692823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21117.994859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21117.994859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    371847000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    371847000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19118.097686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19118.097686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         410597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             410597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267570000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    267570000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       417292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         417292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39965.646004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39965.646004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254180000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254180000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37965.646004                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37965.646004                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.665501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1050294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 40.570689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.665501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1136334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1136334                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28643                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         34419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             47440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            47440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    697381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403026000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1100407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    697381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1100407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           76083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          76083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.623530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.623530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20261.512537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30952.000614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23195.763069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20261.512537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30952.000614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23195.763069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628543000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1005529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628543000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376986000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1005529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18261.512537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28952.154212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21195.805228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18261.512537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28952.154212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21195.805228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     53356                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              28643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            47440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    697381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403026000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1100407000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          76083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.623530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20261.512537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30952.000614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23195.763069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628543000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1005529000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18261.512537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28952.154212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21195.805228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.737990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  82850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                53356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.552778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    63.240312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.294586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   198.203092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.123516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.481044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.387115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               140130                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              140130                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                76083                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               76082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10179                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        99876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  162344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2324672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3196032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5520704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           249690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            126978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           130720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11812784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15724249000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106044                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34256592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   197655                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              416532827                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000830                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7461518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015724                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15724249000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            890722                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000830                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7461518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      937895                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      549026                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            98                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5205565                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15724238                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15724238                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4538415                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2480530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       667779                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  68014                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         68014                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               108986                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               54138                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      136724                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7393151                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7393151                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14594776                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5952621                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      937045                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1485814                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     548769                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22375      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5899609     79.07%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      641      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       532      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     280      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    24826      0.33%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      354      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13176      0.18%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   13784      0.18%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 156      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923995     12.38%     92.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  547377      7.34%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               13050      0.17%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1392      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7461563                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        40783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        13938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           54721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        40783                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        13938                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          54721                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5015                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4775                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9790                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    319040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    615204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    319040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296164000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    615204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        18713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        64511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        18713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        64511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.255170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.151757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.255170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.151757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63617.148554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62023.874346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62840.040858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63617.148554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62023.874346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62840.040858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1524                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1524                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    595624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    595624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.255170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.255170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61617.148554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60023.874346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60840.040858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61617.148554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60023.874346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60840.040858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  7130                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        40783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        13938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          54721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    319040000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296164000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    615204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        64511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.255170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.151757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63617.148554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62023.874346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62840.040858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309010000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    595624000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.255170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61617.148554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60023.874346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60840.040858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2725.905969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              24175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.390603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   109.938991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   910.551833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1705.415146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.026841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.222303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.416361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.665504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1966                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.874268                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            85036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           85036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5139466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5139466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5139466                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5139466                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          66099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              66099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         66099                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             66099                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1485075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1485075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1485075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1485075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5205565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5205565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22467.435211                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22467.435211                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22467.435211                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22467.435211                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         66099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1352877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1352877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1352877000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1352877000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20467.435211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20467.435211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20467.435211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20467.435211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      65843                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5139466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5139466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         66099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             66099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1485075000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1485075000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5205565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22467.435211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22467.435211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1352877000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1352877000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20467.435211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20467.435211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.897681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5037358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 65843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.505597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.897681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5271664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5271664                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9790                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9790                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        21104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        21104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       724096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       724096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  724096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            17410000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           52536750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          320960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          305600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              626560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       320960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         320960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        97536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            97536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9790                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1524                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1524                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           20411786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19434950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               39846736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      20411786                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          20411786                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         6202904                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6202904                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         6202904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          20411786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19434950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              46049640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       986.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5015.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4383.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003942296500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            55                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            55                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                24334                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 910                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9790                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1524                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9790                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1524                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     392                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    538                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     116248250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    46990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                292460750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12369.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31119.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4910                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      785                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  52.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9790                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1524                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     142.080548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    107.627293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    140.327880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2569     55.03%     55.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1310     28.06%     83.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          497     10.65%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          138      2.96%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           68      1.46%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      0.51%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      0.41%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.47%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           21      0.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           55                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      170.472727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     113.335900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     310.036548                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             31     56.36%     56.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           20     36.36%     92.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      5.45%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      1.82%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             55                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           55                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.545455                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.523015                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.878091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                13     23.64%     23.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                41     74.55%     98.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.82%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             55                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  601472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    25088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    61760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   626560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 97536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         38.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      39.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15720277000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1389453.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       320960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       280512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        61760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 20411785.643943950534                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17839452.936671253294                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3927691.554617330432                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5015                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4775                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1524                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    151651000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    140809750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 347629648750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30239.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29488.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 228103444.06                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12059460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6409755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             24340260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1378080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1240958160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2548992120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3891592320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7725730155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.325860                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10091903000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    524940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5107406000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              21270060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11305305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             42761460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3659220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1240958160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3564145020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3036726720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7920825945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.733180                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7858429000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    524940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7340880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1449373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1449373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1449448                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1449448                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          37428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              37428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37428                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37428                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    923383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    923383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    923383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    923383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1486801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1486801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1486876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1486876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24670.914823                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24670.914823                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24670.914823                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24670.914823                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    848529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    848529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    848529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    848529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22670.968259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22670.968259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22670.968259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22670.968259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37171                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          908833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              908833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         28987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             28987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    591617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    591617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       937820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          937820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20409.735399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20409.735399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533643000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    533643000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18409.735399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18409.735399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         540540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             540540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    331766000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    331766000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       548981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         548981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39304.110887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39304.110887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314886000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    314886000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015376                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015376                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37304.347826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37304.347826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.494970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1435506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.618977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.494970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1524303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1524303                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           20301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               39015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          20301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              39015                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         45798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         18714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             64512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            64512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904384000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529883000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1434267000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529883000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1434267000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          103527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         103527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.623142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.623142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19747.237871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28314.791066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22232.561384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19747.237871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28314.791066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22232.561384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9814                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9814                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    812788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    492457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    812788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    492457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305245000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17747.237871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26314.897937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20232.592386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17747.237871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26314.897937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20232.592386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     72412                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          20301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              39015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            64512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904384000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529883000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1434267000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         103527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.623142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19747.237871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28314.791066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22232.561384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    812788000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    492457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17747.237871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26314.897937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20232.592386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.798181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 114619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                72412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.582873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    59.893083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   247.541821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   201.363277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.116979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.483480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.393288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               189718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              189718                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               103527                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              103526                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       132198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  220320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3244416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4230336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7474752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           330495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            169862000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           187135000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15724249000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19655991000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 109943                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34257356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   205665                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              432167244                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000427                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9354106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019656                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19655991000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1126872                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9354106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1204418                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           116                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      670742                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           116                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6481825                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           161                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19655980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19655980                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5673049                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3094342                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       839275                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84807                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84807                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               135761                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               67483                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      180995                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9268821                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9268821                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18289757                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7469604                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1203407                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873840                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     670433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28286      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7385128     78.95%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      733      0.01%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       609      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     335      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30580      0.33%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      480      0.01%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16630      0.18%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17348      0.19%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 175      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1186954     12.69%     92.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  668854      7.15%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               16453      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1579      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9354160                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        48890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        20187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           69077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        48890                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        20187                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          69077                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         12132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6209                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5923                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        12132                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    395884000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367000000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    762884000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    395884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367000000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    762884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        81209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        81209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.226848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.226848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63759.703656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61961.843660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62881.965051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63759.703656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61961.843660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62881.965051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2238                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2238                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        12132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        12132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    383466000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355154000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    738620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    383466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355154000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    738620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.226848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.226848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61759.703656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59961.843660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60881.965051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61759.703656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59961.843660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60881.965051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  9718                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        48890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        20187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          69077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        12132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    395884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367000000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    762884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        81209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.226848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.149392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63759.703656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61961.843660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62881.965051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    383466000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355154000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    738620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.226848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61759.703656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59961.843660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60881.965051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2924.604808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              50548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             9718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.201482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   117.010455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   896.516308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1911.078045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.028567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.218876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.466572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.714015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1513                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2036                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.928467                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           107425                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          107425                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6402434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6402434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6402434                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6402434                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          79391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              79391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         79391                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             79391                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1796312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1796312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1796312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1796312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6481825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6481825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22626.141502                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22626.141502                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22626.141502                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22626.141502                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         79391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1637530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1637530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1637530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1637530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20626.141502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20626.141502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20626.141502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20626.141502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      79135                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6402434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6402434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         79391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             79391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1796312000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1796312000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6481825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22626.141502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22626.141502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1637530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1637530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20626.141502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20626.141502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.118175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6374308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 79135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.549795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.118175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6561216                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6561216                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        26502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        26502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  26502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       919680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       919680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  919680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            23322000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           65151500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          397376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          379072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              776448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       397376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         397376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       143232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           143232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           20216533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19285316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               39501850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      20216533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          20216533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         7286939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               7286939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         7286939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          20216533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19285316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              46788788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1560.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6209.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5426.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003942296500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            88                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            88                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                30522                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1455                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12132                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2238                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12132                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2238                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     497                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    678                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     144843750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    58175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                363000000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12448.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31198.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5922                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1247                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  50.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12132                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2238                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     140.354801                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.416897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    138.843173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3355     55.83%     55.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1675     27.87%     83.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          603     10.03%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          170      2.83%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           93      1.55%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      0.62%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      0.48%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.42%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           22      0.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           88                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      132.022727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      91.405107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     249.731211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             63     71.59%     71.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           21     23.86%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      3.41%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      1.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             88                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           88                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.534091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.511868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.870313                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                21     23.86%     23.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                66     75.00%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             88                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  744640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    31808                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    98752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   776448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                143232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         37.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          5.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      39.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       7.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19633073000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1366254.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       397376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       347264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        98752                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 20216533.473178736866                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17667081.756396815181                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 5024015.324386340566                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6209                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5923                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2238                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    188628750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    174371250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 442362462250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30379.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29439.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 197659723.97                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15086820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8018835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             29216880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2046240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1551351360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3184047360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4866597600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9656365095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.268290                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12620088250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    656240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6379662750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27817440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14785320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             53857020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6008220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1551351360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4453262370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3797784960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9904866690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.910827                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9827678250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    656240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9172072750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1822833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1822833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1822908                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1822908                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          52198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              52198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         52198                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             52198                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1243270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1243270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1243270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1243270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1875031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1875031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1875106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1875106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23818.345530                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23818.345530                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23818.345530                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23818.345530                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16814                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16814                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         52198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1138876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1138876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1138876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1138876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21818.383846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21818.383846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21818.383846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21818.383846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      51941                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1162732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1162732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    837045000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    837045000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1204343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1204343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20115.954916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20115.954916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    753825000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    753825000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18116.002980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18116.002980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         660101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             660101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10587                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10587                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406225000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    406225000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       670688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         670688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38370.170964                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38370.170964                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385051000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    385051000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36370.170964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36370.170964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.996045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1854999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 51941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.713579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.996045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1927303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1927303                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           24292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           26087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          24292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          26087                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50379                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         55099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         26111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             81210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            81210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1099753000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    694584000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1794337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1099753000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    694584000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1794337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          131589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         131589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.617149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.617149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19959.581844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26601.202558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22095.025243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19959.581844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26601.202558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22095.025243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12695                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12695                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989555000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    642364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1631919000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989555000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    642364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1631919000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17959.581844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24601.279154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20095.049871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17959.581844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24601.279154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20095.049871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     91681                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          24292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          26087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            81210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1099753000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    694584000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1794337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         131589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.617149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19959.581844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26601.202558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22095.025243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989555000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    642364000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1631919000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17959.581844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24601.279154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20095.049871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.438633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.591377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    58.310990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.967253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   204.160390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.113889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.482358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.398751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               240596                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              240596                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               131589                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              131588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16814                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       121209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       158782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  279991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4416704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5081024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9497728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           396955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            215659000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           260985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19655991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23624510000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 115631                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34257908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   216319                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    51.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              455282988                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000048                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11224698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023625                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23624510000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1354651                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000048                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11224698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1459467                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           152                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      799745                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7768681                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           162                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23624499                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23624499                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6781611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3705174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1005783                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 100153                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        100153                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               160047                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               79691                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      219956                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11123278                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11123278                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21962245                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8966517                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1458344                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2257724                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     799380                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33669      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8854585     78.88%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      865      0.01%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       707      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     387      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    35560      0.32%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      778      0.01%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    19730      0.18%     79.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20525      0.18%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 214      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1438610     12.82%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  797606      7.11%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               19734      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1774      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11224760                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        58773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        26205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           84978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        58773                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        26205                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          84978                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7402                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7257                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14659                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    474762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449992000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    924754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    474762000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449992000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    924754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        66175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        99637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        66175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        99637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.111855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.216873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.147124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.111855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.216873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.147124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64139.691975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62007.992283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63084.385019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64139.691975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62007.992283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63084.385019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3077                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3077                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    459958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    895436000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    459958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    895436000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.111855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.216873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.111855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.216873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62139.691975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60007.992283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61084.385019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62139.691975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60007.992283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61084.385019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 12486                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        58773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        26205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          84978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    474762000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449992000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    924754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        66175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        99637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.111855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.216873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.147124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64139.691975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62007.992283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63084.385019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    459958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    895436000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.111855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.216873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62139.691975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60007.992283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61084.385019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3081.582149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              66425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            12486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.319958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.993093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   881.184616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2077.404440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.030028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.215133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.507179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.752339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3980                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.971680                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           130853                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          130853                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7674102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7674102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7674102                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7674102                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          94579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              94579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         94579                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             94579                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2145091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2145091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2145091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2145091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7768681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7768681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22680.415314                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22680.415314                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22680.415314                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22680.415314                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         94579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        94579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1955935000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955935000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1955935000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955935000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20680.436461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20680.436461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20680.436461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20680.436461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      94322                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7674102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7674102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         94579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             94579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2145091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2145091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7768681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22680.415314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22680.415314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        94579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1955935000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955935000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20680.436461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20680.436461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.266307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7570366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 94322                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.260872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.266307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7863259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7863259                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        32395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        32395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  32395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1135104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1135104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1135104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            30044000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           78755000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          473728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          464448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              938176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       473728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         473728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       196928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           196928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3077                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3077                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           20052395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19659582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               39711977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      20052395                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          20052395                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         8335750                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               8335750                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         8335750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          20052395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19659582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              48047727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2288.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7402.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6626.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003942296500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           129                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           129                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                37151                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2132                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14659                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3077                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14659                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3077                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     631                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    789                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     178825500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    70140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                441850500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12747.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31497.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7033                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1818                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  50.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14659                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3077                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     140.188837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.122999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    139.442932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4172     56.11%     56.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2073     27.88%     83.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          711      9.56%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          220      2.96%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          115      1.55%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           51      0.69%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           35      0.47%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      0.39%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           29      0.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      108.031008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      76.613911                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     209.247123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            104     80.62%     80.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           21     16.28%     96.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      2.33%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.78%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.511628                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.489022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.876038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                32     24.81%     24.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                96     74.42%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.78%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  897792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    40384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   144576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   938176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                196928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         38.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          6.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      39.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       8.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23623518000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1331952.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       473728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       424064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       144576                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 20052394.737499315292                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17950171.241646915674                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 6119745.975683728233                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7402                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7257                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3077                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    227661250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    214189250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 533088826000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30756.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29514.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 173249537.21                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              16671900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8861325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             31208940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2077560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1864817760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3522797220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6105245760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11551680465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         488.970161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15836562000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    788840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6999108000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              36421140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              19354500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             68950980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9714420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1864817760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5620708440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4338583680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11958550920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.192548                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11221770500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    788840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11613899500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2194078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2194078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2194153                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2194153                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          64997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              64997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         64997                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             64997                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1545116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1545116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1545116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1545116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2259075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2259075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2259150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2259150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23772.112559                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23772.112559                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23772.112559                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23772.112559                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19533                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19533                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         64997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1415122000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1415122000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1415122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1415122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21772.112559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21772.112559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21772.112559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21772.112559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      64741                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1406825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1406825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         52567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             52567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1075963000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1075963000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1459392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1459392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20468.411741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20468.411741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    970829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    970829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18468.411741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18468.411741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         787253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             787253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        12430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            12430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469153000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    469153000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       799683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         799683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37743.604183                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37743.604183                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444293000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    444293000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35743.604183                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35743.604183                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.332676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2188522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 64741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 33.804266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.332676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2324147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2324147                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           31535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               59938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          31535                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              59938                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         66176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             99638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            99638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1320233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    870484000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2190717000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1320233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    870484000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2190717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          159576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         159576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.624392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.624392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19950.329425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26014.105553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21986.762079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19950.329425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26014.105553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21986.762079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          14750                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                14750                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1187883000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    803560000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1991443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1187883000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    803560000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1991443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17950.359647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24014.105553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19986.782151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17950.359647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24014.105553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19986.782151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    111801                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          31535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              59938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            99638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1320233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    870484000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2190717000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         159576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.624392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19950.329425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26014.105553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21986.762079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1187883000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    803560000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1991443000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17950.359647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24014.105553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19986.782151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.868899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 176739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               111801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.580836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    56.217154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.080754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   207.570992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.109799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.480626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.405412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               291422                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              291422                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               159576                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              159575                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19533                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149527                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       189157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  338684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5409920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6052992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 11462912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           472890000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257241000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           324985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23624510000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                27541872000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 119647                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34258340                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   223315                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    58.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              470753933                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13065219                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.027542                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27541872000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1575317                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13065219                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1699508                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           157                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      931680                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9064306                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         27541872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   27541872                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7912194                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4333576                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1174881                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 112438                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        112438                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               179667                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               89396                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      248740                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12950107                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12950107                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25589716                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10441214                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1698268                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2629508                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     931240                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38192      0.29%      0.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10309024     78.90%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1041      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       917      0.01%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     428      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    39524      0.30%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      834      0.01%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    22396      0.17%     79.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23178      0.18%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 229      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1676039     12.83%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929309      7.11%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22229      0.17%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1931      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13065287                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        70369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        29804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          100173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        70369                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        29804                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         100173                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         8198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         8494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         16692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8198                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8494                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        16692                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526448000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    524035000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1050483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526448000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    524035000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1050483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       116865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       116865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.104344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.221787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.142831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.104344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.221787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.142831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64216.638204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61694.725689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62933.321352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64216.638204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61694.725689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62933.321352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4276                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4276                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        16692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        16692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    510052000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507047000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1017099000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    510052000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1017099000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.104344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.221787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.104344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.221787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62216.638204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59694.725689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60933.321352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62216.638204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59694.725689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60933.321352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 15415                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        70369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        29804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         100173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        16692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526448000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    524035000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1050483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       116865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.104344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.221787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.142831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64216.638204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61694.725689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62933.321352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    510052000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507047000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1017099000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.104344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.221787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62216.638204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59694.725689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60933.321352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3214.804555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             133882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            19468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.877029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   126.070225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   873.247050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2215.487280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.030779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.213195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.540890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.784864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4053                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1352                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989502                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           153350                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          153350                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8951974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8951974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8951974                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8951974                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         112332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             112332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        112332                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            112332                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2511325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2511325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2511325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2511325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9064306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9064306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9064306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9064306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22356.274258                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22356.274258                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22356.274258                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22356.274258                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        112332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       112332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2286661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2286661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2286661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2286661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20356.274258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20356.274258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20356.274258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20356.274258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     112076                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8951974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8951974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        112332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            112332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2511325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2511325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9064306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9064306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22356.274258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22356.274258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       112332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2286661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2286661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20356.274258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20356.274258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.370662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9064306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                112332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.692109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.370662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9176638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9176638                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               16692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        37660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        37660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  37660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1341952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1341952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1341952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            38072000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           89705500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          524672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          543616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1068288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       524672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         524672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       273664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           273664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             8198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                16692                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4276                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4276                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19049976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19737801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               38787777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19049976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19049976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         9936289                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               9936289                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         9936289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19049976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19737801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              48724066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2901.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      8198.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7660.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003942296500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           163                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           163                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                43011                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2711                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        16692                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4276                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      16692                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4276                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     834                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1375                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               3315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     204396500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    79290000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                501734000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12889.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31639.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7719                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2319                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  48.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  16692                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4276                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         8692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     137.910723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    103.909428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    141.316412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5057     58.18%     58.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2302     26.48%     84.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          777      8.94%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          250      2.88%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          138      1.59%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           52      0.60%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           38      0.44%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           32      0.37%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           46      0.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          8692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       97.079755                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      66.024655                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     188.737455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            134     82.21%     82.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           25     15.34%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      1.84%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.61%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.619632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.599191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.833027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                33     20.25%     20.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               126     77.30%     97.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      2.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1014912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    53376                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   183808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1068288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                273664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         36.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          6.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      38.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       9.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    27537307000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1313301.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       524672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       490240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       183808                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19049975.978393916041                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17799806.781470775604                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 6673765.675768154673                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         8198                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8494                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4276                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    252759750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    248974250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 631932913500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30831.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29311.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 147785994.74                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     53.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              17878560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9502680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             32865420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2578680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2173981680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3835860600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7345880640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13418548260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         487.205382                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19058544250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    919620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7563707750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              44182320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              23483460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             80360700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12413160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2173981680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6714960240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4921375680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13970757240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         507.255180                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12725410000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    919620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13896842000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2556577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2556577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2556652                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2556652                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          74468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              74468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         74468                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             74468                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1778169000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1778169000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1778169000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1778169000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2631045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2631045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2631120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2631120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23878.296718                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23878.296718                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23878.296718                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23878.296718                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           22781                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 22781                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1629233000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1629233000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1629233000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1629233000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21878.296718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21878.296718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21878.296718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21878.296718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      74212                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1639268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1639268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         60165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             60165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1253825000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1253825000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1699433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1699433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.035403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20839.773955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20839.773955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1133495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1133495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18839.773955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18839.773955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         917309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             917309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    524344000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    524344000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       931612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         931612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36659.721737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36659.721737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    495738000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    495738000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34659.721737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34659.721737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.569824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2631120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 74468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.332223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.569824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2705588                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2705588                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           33765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               69935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          33765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              69935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         78567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            116865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           116865                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1531423000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1004921000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2536344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1531423000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1004921000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2536344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          186800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         186800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.625616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.625616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19491.936818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26239.516424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21703.195995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19491.936818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26239.516424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21703.195995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          17017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                17017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1374289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    928325000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2302614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1374289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    928325000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2302614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17491.936818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24239.516424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19703.195995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17491.936818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24239.516424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19703.195995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    131074                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          33765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              69935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           116865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1531423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1004921000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2536344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         186800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.625616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19491.936818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26239.516424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21703.195995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       116865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1374289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    928325000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2302614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17491.936818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24239.516424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19703.195995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.172012                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 209581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               131586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.592730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    54.813849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.128899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   205.229264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.107058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.488533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.400838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               341167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              341167                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               186800                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              186800                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         22781                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       171717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       224664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  396381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6223936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7189248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13413184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           561660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            300705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           372340000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27541872000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
