
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4323988000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  99667                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34306420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   193234                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              430900238                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000114                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1939049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004324                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4323988000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238974                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000114                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1939049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      211664                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            19                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156098                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           213                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1367664                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4323974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4323974                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1244415                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              594167                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       185414                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  17368                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         17368                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                26550                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               14782                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       22035                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1920484                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1920484                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3783784                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1557945                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      211562                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        367660                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156098                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7151      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1528598     78.83%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    10882      0.56%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     11193      0.58%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1076      0.06%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.01%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2474      0.13%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    9966      0.51%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   209132     10.78%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  155946      8.04%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2430      0.13%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1939154                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   206                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5801                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          465                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6266                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          511                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3882                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4393                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248661000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    279428000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248661000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    279428000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.412140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.412140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60209.393346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64054.868624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63607.557478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60209.393346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64054.868624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63607.557478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29745000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    270642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29745000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    270642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58209.393346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62054.868624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61607.557478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58209.393346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62054.868624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61607.557478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248661000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    279428000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.412140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60209.393346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64054.868624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63607.557478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29745000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240897000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    270642000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58209.393346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62054.868624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61607.557478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3877                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3877                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3877                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3877                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2526.489672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   504.398495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2022.091177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.015427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.019276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3539                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.033516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            18929                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           18929                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1338623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1338623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1338623                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1338623                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29041                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29041                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    492196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    492196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    492196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    492196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1367664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1367664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16948.314452                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16948.314452                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16948.314452                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16948.314452                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    434116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    434116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14948.383320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14948.383320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14948.383320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14948.383320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28823                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1338623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1338623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    492196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    492196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1367664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16948.314452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16948.314452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    434116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14948.383320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14948.383320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               215.352449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  665287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.081810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   215.352449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.841221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.841221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1396704                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1396704                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       281152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       281152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  281152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4393000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           23786750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          248448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              281152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7563388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57458069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               65021457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7563388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7563388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7563388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57458069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              65021457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       511.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3882.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9896                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4393                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4393                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      50268500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    21965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                132637250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11442.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30192.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      1744                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  39.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4393                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     106.151057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     90.838590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     89.593642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1579     59.63%     59.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          895     33.80%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          134      5.06%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           16      0.60%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.19%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      0.19%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.11%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.08%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  281152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   281152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         65.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      65.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4321529000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      983730.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       248448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7563388.242520562373                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 57458068.801301024854                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          511                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3882                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     13728500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    118908750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26865.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30630.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     39.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9810360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5210535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             16943220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      341125200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1058277390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         769230720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2200597425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.927736                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1987718250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    144300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2191969750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9103500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4838625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14422800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      341125200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         990592740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         826228320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2186311185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.623786                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2136506750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    144300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2043181250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           361118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               361118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          361118                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              361118                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6539                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6539                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    356487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    356487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    356487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    356487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       367657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           367657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       367657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          367657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54517.051537                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54517.051537                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54517.051537                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54517.051537                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5095                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5095                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    343409000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    343409000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    343409000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    343409000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52517.051537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52517.051537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52517.051537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52517.051537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6283                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          209878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              209878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64894000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64894000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       211663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          211663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36355.182073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36355.182073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     61324000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61324000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34355.182073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34355.182073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         151240                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             151240                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4754                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4754                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291593000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    291593000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       155994                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         155994                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030476                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030476                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61336.348338                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61336.348338                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282085000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    282085000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030476                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030476                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59336.348338                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59336.348338                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.123384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  355932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 56.650008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.123384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.965326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.965326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                374196                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               374196                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           22728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          22728                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2192                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24920                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6313                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10660                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    111801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    409209000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    111801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    409209000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.299607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.299607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17709.646761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68416.839199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38387.335835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17709.646761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68416.839199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38387.335835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3877                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3877                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99177000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    387891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    387891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15709.963567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66416.839199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36387.523452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15709.963567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66416.839199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36387.523452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13189                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          22728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    111801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    409209000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.299607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17709.646761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68416.839199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38387.335835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    387891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15709.963567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66416.839199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36387.523452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5095                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5095                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5095                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5095                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              495.058852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.924710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   193.349762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    56.205286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   245.503804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.377636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.109776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.479500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.966912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                54376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               54376                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35580                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35579                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5095                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   76254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       744576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1858560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2603136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145200000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             61055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            32695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4323988000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8594840000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104863                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34307080                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   203236                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              450626144                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3876324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008595                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8594840000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            477627                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3876324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      423329                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      311964                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2736022                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8594829                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8594829                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2488808                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1187808                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       370685                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  34159                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         34159                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52175                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               29213                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43607                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3839714                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3839714                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7567309                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3115590                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      423127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        735091                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     311964                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14259      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3055679     78.83%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    21922      0.57%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     22512      0.58%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2155      0.06%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4834      0.12%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   19879      0.51%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   418337     10.79%     91.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  311812      8.04%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4790      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3876485                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   207                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           12418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11473                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          945                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          12418                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7482                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7996                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    513113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    513113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        20414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        20414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.887860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.391692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.887860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.391692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64442.929698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64171.210605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64442.929698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64171.210605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    467198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    497121000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    467198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    497121000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.887860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.887860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62442.929698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62171.210605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62442.929698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62171.210605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          12418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    513113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        20414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.887860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.391692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64442.929698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64171.210605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    467198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    497121000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.887860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62442.929698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62171.210605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8164                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8164                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8164                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8164                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4353.548671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   508.756359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3844.792312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.029333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.033215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7996                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          748                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.061005                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            36574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           36574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2678129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2678129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2678129                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2678129                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          57893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              57893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         57893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             57893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    949475000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    949475000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    949475000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    949475000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2736022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2736022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16400.514743                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16400.514743                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16400.514743                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16400.514743                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         57893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    833691000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    833691000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    833691000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    833691000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14400.549289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14400.549289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14400.549289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14400.549289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      57675                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2678129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2678129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         57893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             57893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    949475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    949475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2736022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16400.514743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16400.514743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    833691000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    833691000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14400.549289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14400.549289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.171132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1364327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 57675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.655431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.171132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.844418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.844418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2793914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2793914                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       511744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       511744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  511744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7996000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43395250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          478848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              511744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3827413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           55713428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               59540841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3827413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3827413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3827413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          55713428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              59540841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       514.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7482.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                18198                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7996                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7996                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      95904750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    39980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                245829750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11994.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30744.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2752                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  34.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7996                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      97.605800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     86.216753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     70.933995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3356     64.03%     64.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1634     31.18%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          211      4.03%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           16      0.31%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.10%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      0.10%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.06%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.04%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  511744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   511744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         59.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      59.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8592145000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1074555.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       478848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3827412.726705790963                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 55713428.056834101677                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          514                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7482                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     13812250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    232017500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26872.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31010.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     34.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18464040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9806280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             28238700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      677947920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2026574010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1593829920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4354860870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.683181                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4120243250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    286780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4187816750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18978120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10083315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             28852740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      677947920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2039973000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1582546560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4358381655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         507.092820                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4091065750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    286780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4216994250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           722336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               722336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722336                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722336                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          12796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              12796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         12796                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             12796                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    693067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    693067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    693067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    693067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       735132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           735132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       735132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          735132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54162.785245                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54162.785245                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54162.785245                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54162.785245                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10239                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10239                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    667475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    667475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    667475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    667475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52162.785245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52162.785245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52162.785245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52162.785245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      12540                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          419894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              419894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    116169000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116169000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       423328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          423328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33829.062318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33829.062318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    109301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31829.062318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31829.062318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         302442                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             302442                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9362                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9362                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    576898000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    576898000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       311804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         311804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030025                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030025                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61621.234779                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61621.234779                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    558174000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    558174000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59621.234779                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59621.234779                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.534253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  717147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 12540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.188756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.534253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                747928                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               747928                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           45905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          45905                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4369                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50274                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             20415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8427                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            20415                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    576749000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    762503000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    576749000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    762503000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        57893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           70689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        57893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          70689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.288800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.288800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15494.994995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68440.607571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37350.134705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15494.994995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68440.607571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37350.134705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8164                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8164                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    161780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    559895000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    721675000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    161780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    559895000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    721675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13495.161828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66440.607571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35350.232672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13495.161828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66440.607571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35350.232672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     26090                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          45905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            20415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    576749000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    762503000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        57893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          70689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.288800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15494.994995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68440.607571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37350.134705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    161780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    559895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    721675000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13495.161828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66440.607571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35350.232672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.477058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  77993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                26090                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.989383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   212.089561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    45.068124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.319373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.414237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.088024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.481093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.983354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               107530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              107530                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                70689                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               70688                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10239                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       115785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  151616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1474240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3705088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5179328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           289460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            121884000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            63980000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8594840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12865290000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110584                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34307080                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   214296                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              474083565                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000904                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5815383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012865                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12865290000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            716492                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000904                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5815383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      635229                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            24                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      467932                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           435                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4105647                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12865279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12865279                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3734210                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1782014                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       556115                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  50956                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         50956                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                77808                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               43648                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       65192                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5760721                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5760721                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11354312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4674713                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      634926                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1102858                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     467932                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21371      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4584182     78.83%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    32979      0.57%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     33831      0.58%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3234      0.06%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7196      0.12%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   29794      0.51%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   627774     10.79%     91.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  467780      8.04%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7152      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5815599                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   208                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        17100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        17100                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1427                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18527                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        11055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11055                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11569                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    711008000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    741959000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    711008000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    741959000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        30096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        30096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.384403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.384403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64315.513342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64133.373671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64315.513342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64133.373671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    688898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    718821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    688898000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    718821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62315.513342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62133.373671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62315.513342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62133.373671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        17100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    711008000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    741959000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        30096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.384403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64315.513342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64133.373671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    688898000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    718821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62315.513342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62133.373671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6155.277755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   510.496911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5644.780844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.043066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.046961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11569                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          760                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7583                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.088264                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            54201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           54201                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4018878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4018878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4018878                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4018878                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          86769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              86769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         86769                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             86769                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1406740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1406740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1406740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1406740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4105647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4105647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4105647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4105647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16212.472196                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16212.472196                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16212.472196                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16212.472196                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         86769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1233204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1233204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1233204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1233204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14212.495246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14212.495246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14212.495246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14212.495246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      86551                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4018878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4018878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         86769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             86769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1406740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1406740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4105647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4105647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16212.472196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16212.472196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1233204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1233204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14212.495246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14212.495246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.446263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2063300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 86551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.839124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.446263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.845493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.845493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4192415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4192415                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        23138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        23138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  23138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       740416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       740416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  740416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11569000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           62795250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          707520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              740416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2556958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           54994485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               57551443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2556958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2556958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2556958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          54994485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              57551443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       514.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11055.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                26442                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11569                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11569                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     138313000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    57845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                355231750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11955.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30705.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3877                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  33.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11569                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      96.257930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     85.481440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     65.423259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5020     65.26%     65.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2269     29.50%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          363      4.72%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           16      0.21%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.07%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      0.07%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.04%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.03%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  740416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   740416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         57.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      57.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12858272000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1111441.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       707520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2556957.519029885996                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54994485.161236166954                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          514                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11055                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     13812250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    341419500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26872.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30883.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     33.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              27596100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14667675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             41290620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1015385280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3061953360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2361784320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6522677355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.998082                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6104972500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    429520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6330797500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27324780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14523465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             41312040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1015385280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3035309280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2384221440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6518076285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.640448                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6164155250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    429520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6271614750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1083802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1083802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1083802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1083802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         19143                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             19143                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1026295000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1026295000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1026295000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1026295000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1102945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1102945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1102945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1102945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53612.025283                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53612.025283                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53612.025283                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53612.025283                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    988009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    988009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    988009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    988009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51612.025283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51612.025283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51612.025283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51612.025283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18887                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          630146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              630146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          5082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              5082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    166113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       635228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          635228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32686.540732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32686.540732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155949000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155949000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30686.540732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30686.540732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         453656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             453656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14061                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14061                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    860182000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    860182000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       467717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         467717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030063                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030063                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61175.023114                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61175.023114                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    832060000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    832060000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030063                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030063                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59175.023114                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59175.023114                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.016594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1092959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.868322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.016594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1122088                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1122088                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           69154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          69154                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6661                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75815                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         12482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             30097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17615                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12482                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            30097                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    851164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1110069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    851164000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1110069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        86769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          105912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        86769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         105912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.284170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.284170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14697.984672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68191.315494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36883.044822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14697.984672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68191.315494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36883.044822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    223677000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    826200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    223677000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    826200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049877000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12698.098212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66191.315494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34883.111274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12698.098212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66191.315494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34883.111274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38854                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          69154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            30097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258905000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    851164000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1110069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        86769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         105912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.284170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14697.984672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68191.315494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36883.044822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    223677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    826200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049877000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12698.098212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66191.315494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34883.111274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.306127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 116881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.008210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   211.977958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    41.136095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.192074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.414019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.080344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.494516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               160771                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              160771                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               105912                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              105911                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15493                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        53779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       173537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  227316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2216704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5553152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7769856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           433840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            183377000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            95715000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12865290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17133337000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113187                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34307080                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   219340                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              484718209                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000785                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7752987                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017133                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17133337000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            955216                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000785                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7752987                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      846881                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      623790                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           545                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5473951                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17133326                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17133326                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4978968                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2375719                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       741461                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  67747                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         67747                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               103433                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               58079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       86764                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7680198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7680198                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15139330                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6233282                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      846478                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1470268                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     623790                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28560      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6111201     78.82%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    44021      0.57%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     45478      0.59%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4313      0.06%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     9556      0.12%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   39707      0.51%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   836966     10.80%     91.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  623638      8.04%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                9512      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7753258                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   209                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        22903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           24835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        22903                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1932                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          24835                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        14628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14628                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15142                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    942328000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    973279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    942328000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    973279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        23417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        39977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        23417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        39977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.883333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.378768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.883333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.378768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64419.469511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64276.779818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64419.469511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64276.779818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    913072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    942995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    913072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    942995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.883333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.883333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62419.469511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62276.779818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62419.469511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62276.779818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        22903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          24835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    942328000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    973279000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        23417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        39977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.883333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.378768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64419.469511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64276.779818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    913072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    942995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.883333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62419.469511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62276.779818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16750                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16750                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16750                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16750                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7948.767213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   511.369558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7437.397655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.056743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.060644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          757                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7524                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6771                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.115524                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            71869                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           71869                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5358334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5358334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5358334                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5358334                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         115617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             115617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        115617                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            115617                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1864290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1864290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1864290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1864290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5473951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5473951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5473951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5473951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16124.704844                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16124.704844                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16124.704844                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16124.704844                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        115617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       115617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1633058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1633058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1633058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1633058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14124.722143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14124.722143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14124.722143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14124.722143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     115399                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5358334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5358334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        115617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            115617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1864290000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1864290000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5473951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5473951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16124.704844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16124.704844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       115617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1633058000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1633058000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14124.722143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14124.722143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.584203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2762257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                115399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.936577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.584203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5589567                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5589567                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       969088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       969088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  969088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           82236000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          936192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              969088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            14628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1920000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           54641545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               56561544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1920000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1920000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1920000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          54641545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              56561544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       514.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     14628.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34684                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15142                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15142                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     183154500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    75710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                467067000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12095.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30845.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4900                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  32.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15142                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      94.619020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     84.616088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     61.007615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6770     66.10%     66.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2976     29.06%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          456      4.45%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           16      0.16%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.05%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      0.05%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.03%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.02%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  969088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   969088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         56.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      56.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17126346000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1131049.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       936192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1919999.589105146471                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54641544.726517669857                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          514                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        14628                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     13812250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    453254750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26872.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30985.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     32.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              37206540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              19775745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             55313580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1352208000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4156856100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3078691200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8700051165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.784979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7956881250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    572000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8604455750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              35921340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              19092645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             52800300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1352208000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4065411570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3155697120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8681130975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.680688                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8158313250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    572000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8403023750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1445056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1445056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1445056                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1445056                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          25344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              25344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         25344                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             25344                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1359904000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1359904000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1359904000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1359904000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1470400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1470400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1470400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1470400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53657.828283                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53657.828283                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53657.828283                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53657.828283                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           20579                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 20579                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         25344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1309216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1309216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1309216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1309216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51657.828283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51657.828283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51657.828283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51657.828283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25088                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          840116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              840116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    216761000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216761000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       846880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          846880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32046.274394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32046.274394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203233000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    203233000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30046.274394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30046.274394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         604940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             604940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18580                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18580                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1143143000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1143143000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       623520                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         623520                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029799                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029799                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61525.457481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61525.457481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1105983000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1105983000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029799                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029799                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59525.457481                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59525.457481                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.759784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1445375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.612205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.759784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1495744                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1495744                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              100983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          92199                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8784                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             100983                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         23418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             39978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16560                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            39978                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    334344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1128352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1462696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    334344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1128352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1462696000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       115617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          140961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       115617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         140961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.283610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.283610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14277.222649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68137.198068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36587.523138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14277.222649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68137.198068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36587.523138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16750                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16750                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    287510000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1095232000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1382742000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    287510000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1095232000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1382742000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12277.308054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66137.198068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34587.573165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12277.308054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66137.198068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34587.573165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     51685                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          92199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             100983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            39978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    334344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1128352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1462696000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       115617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         140961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.283610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14277.222649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68137.198068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36587.523138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    287510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1095232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1382742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12277.308054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66137.198068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34587.573165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        20579                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        20579                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        20579                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        20579                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.724515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 159392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                51685                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.083912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   211.331569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    39.150674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   257.242272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.412757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.076466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.502426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               213737                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              213737                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               140961                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              140960                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         20579                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        71267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       231233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  302500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2939072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7399424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10338496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           578080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            243856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           126720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17133337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21402002000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 112792                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34307080                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   218574                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              482737049                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000565                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9690389                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021402                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21402002000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1193940                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000565                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9690389                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1058472                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            28                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      779619                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           661                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6842171                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21401991                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21401991                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6223757                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2969408                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       926824                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84523                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84523                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               129035                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               72497                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      108324                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9599486                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9599486                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18923891                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7791696                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1057968                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1837587                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     779619                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 35750      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7638121     78.82%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    55065      0.57%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     57125      0.59%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5391      0.06%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11914      0.12%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49611      0.51%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1046098     10.79%     91.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  779467      8.04%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11870      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9690718                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   209                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        28758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           31282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        28758                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2524                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          31282                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        18193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         18707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        18193                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        18707                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1171777000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1202728000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1171777000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1202728000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        49989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        49989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.878168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.374222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.878168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.374222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64408.124004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64292.938472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64408.124004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64292.938472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        18707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        18707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1135391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1135391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165314000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.878168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.878168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62408.124004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62292.938472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62408.124004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62292.938472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        28758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          31282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        18193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        18707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1171777000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1202728000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        49989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.878168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.374222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64408.124004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64292.938472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1135391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165314000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.878168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62408.124004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62292.938472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21038                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21038                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21038                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21038                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9739.023349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   511.894204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  9227.129145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.070397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.074303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        18707                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7532                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10337                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.142723                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            89734                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           89734                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6697716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6697716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6697716                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6697716                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         144455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             144455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        144455                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            144455                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2321897000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2321897000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2321897000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2321897000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6842171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6842171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6842171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6842171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16073.496937                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16073.496937                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16073.496937                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16073.496937                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        144455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       144455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2032989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2032989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14073.510782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14073.510782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14073.510782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14073.510782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     144237                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6697716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6697716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        144455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            144455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2321897000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2321897000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6842171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6842171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16073.496937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16073.496937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       144455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2032989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14073.510782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14073.510782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.667134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3423058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                144237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.732177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.667134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6986625                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6986625                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        37414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        37414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  37414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1197248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1197248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1197248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            18707000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          101631250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1164352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1197248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            18193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1537052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           54403882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               55940935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1537052                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1537052                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1537052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          54403882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              55940935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       514.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     18193.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                42910                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18707                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18707                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     226544500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    93535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                577300750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12110.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30860.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5918                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  31.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18707                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      93.615451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     84.091327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     58.140243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          8518     66.60%     66.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3682     28.79%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          549      4.29%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           16      0.13%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.04%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      0.04%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.02%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1197248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1197248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         55.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      55.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21395090000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1143694.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1164352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1537052.468269089935                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54403882.403150886297                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          514                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        18193                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     13812250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    563488500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26872.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30972.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     31.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              46045860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              24473955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             67537260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1689030720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5110585230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3914718240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10852391265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.073650                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10119268500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    714480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10568253500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              45267600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              24060300                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             66030720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1689030720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5055937620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3960737280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10841064240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.544399                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10239723750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    714480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10447798250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1806032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1806032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1806032                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1806032                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          31730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              31730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         31730                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             31730                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1694767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1694767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1694767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1694767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1837762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1837762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1837762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1837762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53412.133627                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53412.133627                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53412.133627                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53412.133627                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           25791                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 25791                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         31730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1631307000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1631307000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1631307000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1631307000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51412.133627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51412.133627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51412.133627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51412.133627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      31474                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1049977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1049977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267945000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    267945000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1058471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1058471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31545.208382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31545.208382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    250957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    250957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29545.208382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29545.208382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         756055                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             756055                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        23236                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            23236                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1426822000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1426822000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       779291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         779291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029817                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029817                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61405.663625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61405.663625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1380350000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1380350000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029817                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029817                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59405.663625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59405.663625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.206599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1825233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 31474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.991771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.206599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1869492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1869492                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          115182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              126195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         115182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             126195                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         20717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             49990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29273                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        20717                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            49990                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410459000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1404712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1815171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410459000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1404712000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1815171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       144455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        31730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          176185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       144455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        31730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         176185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.283736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.283736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14021.760667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67804.797992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36310.682136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14021.760667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67804.797992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36310.682136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21038                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21038                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351915000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1363278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1715193000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351915000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1363278000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1715193000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12021.828989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65804.797992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34310.722144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12021.828989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65804.797992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34310.722144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64679                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         115182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             126195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        20717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            49990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410459000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1404712000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1815171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       144455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        31730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         176185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.283736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14021.760667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67804.797992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36310.682136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1363278000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1715193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12021.828989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65804.797992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34310.722144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25791                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25791                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25791                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25791                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.577268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 200105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.093817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   210.462315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    37.849889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   260.265063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.411059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.073926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.508330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               267167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              267167                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               176185                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              176184                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         25791                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        89251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       288909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  378160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3681344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9245056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12926400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           722270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            305140000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           158650000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21402002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25672346000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 117381                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34307080                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   227465                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    51.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              502204726                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000379                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11627839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025672                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25672346000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1432618                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000379                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11627839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1270124                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            31                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      935476                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           769                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8210374                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25672335                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25672335                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7468285                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3563046                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1112124                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 101314                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        101314                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               154660                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               86928                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      129896                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11518808                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11518808                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22708694                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9350162                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1269520                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2204996                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     935476                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 42939      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9164981     78.82%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    66112      0.57%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     68772      0.59%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    6470      0.06%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14274      0.12%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   59524      0.51%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1255290     10.80%     91.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  935324      8.04%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               14230      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11628222                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   210                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        34483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           37564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        34483                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3081                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          37564                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        21758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         22272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        21758                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        22272                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1403144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1434095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1403144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1434095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        34997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        59836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        34997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        59836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.372217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.372217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64488.647854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64390.041307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64488.647854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64390.041307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        22272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        22272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1359628000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1389551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1359628000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1389551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62488.647854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62390.041307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62488.647854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62390.041307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        34483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          37564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        21758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        22272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1403144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1434095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        34997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        59836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.372217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64488.647854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64390.041307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1359628000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1389551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62488.647854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62390.041307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25442                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25442                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25442                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25442                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        11528.300607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   512.244482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 11016.056125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.084046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.087954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        22272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          753                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7530                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.169922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           107550                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          107550                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8037071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8037071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8037071                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8037071                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         173303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             173303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        173303                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            173303                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2779134000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2779134000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2779134000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2779134000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8210374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8210374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8210374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8210374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16036.271732                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16036.271732                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16036.271732                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16036.271732                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        173303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       173303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2432530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2432530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2432530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2432530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14036.283273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14036.283273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14036.283273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14036.283273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     173085                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8037071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8037071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        173303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            173303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2779134000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2779134000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8210374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8210374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16036.271732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16036.271732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       173303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2432530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2432530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14036.283273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14036.283273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.722503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4121835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                173085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.813935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.722503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8383676                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8383676                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               22272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        44544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        44544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  44544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1425408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1425408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1425408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            22272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          121021750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1392512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1425408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            21758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                22272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1281379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           54241712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               55523091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1281379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1281379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1281379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          54241712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              55523091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       514.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     21758.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000577500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                51138                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        22272                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      22272                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     271857250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   111360000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                689457250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12206.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30956.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6941                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  31.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  22272                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    22272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        15331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      92.975540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     83.747528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     56.217814                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10268     66.98%     66.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4377     28.55%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          646      4.21%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           16      0.10%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.03%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      0.03%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         15331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1425408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1425408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         55.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      55.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25665368000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1152360.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1392512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1281378.803479822353                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54241712.074151702225                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          514                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        21758                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     13812250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    675645000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26872.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31052.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     31.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              55527780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              29513715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             80260740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2026468080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6136404540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4690682400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13018857255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.115994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12125008750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    857220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12690117250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              53935560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              28667430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             78761340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2026468080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6096234930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4724509440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13008576780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.715544                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12213770000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    857220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12601356000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2167088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2167088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2167088                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2167088                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38129                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38129                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2031584000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2031584000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2031584000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2031584000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2205217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2205217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2205217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2205217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53281.858953                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53281.858953                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53281.858953                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53281.858953                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31102                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31102                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1955326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1955326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51281.858953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51281.858953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51281.858953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51281.858953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37873                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1259996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1259996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         10127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             10127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318231000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    318231000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1270123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1270123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31424.015009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31424.015009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297977000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    297977000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29424.015009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29424.015009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         907092                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             907092                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        28002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            28002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1713353000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1713353000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       935094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         935094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61186.808085                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61186.808085                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1657349000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1657349000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029946                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029946                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59186.808085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59186.808085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.504913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2191973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.876931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.504913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2243346                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2243346                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          138305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              151595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         138305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13290                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             151595                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         34998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        34998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24839                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59837                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    484884000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1682535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2167419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    484884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1682535000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2167419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       173303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          211432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       173303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         211432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.283008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.283008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13854.620264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67737.630339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36222.053245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13854.620264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67737.630339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36222.053245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          25442                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                25442                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    414890000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1632857000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2047747000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    414890000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1632857000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2047747000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11854.677410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65737.630339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34222.086669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11854.677410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65737.630339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34222.086669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     77709                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         138305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             151595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        34998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    484884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1682535000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2167419000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       173303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         211432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.283008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13854.620264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67737.630339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36222.053245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    414890000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1632857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2047747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11854.677410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65737.630339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34222.086669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31102                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31102                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31102                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31102                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.146606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 241092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                77709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.102498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   212.596245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    37.071359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   259.479002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.415227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.072405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.506795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               320755                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              320755                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               211432                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              211431                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       107360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       346605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  453965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4430784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11091328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15522112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           866510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            366942000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           190645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25672346000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                29938394000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 125692                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34307080                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   243600                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    55.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              537568534                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13566578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.029938                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29938394000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1671599                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13566578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1481722                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1091322                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           879                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9578332                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         29938394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   29938394                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8714360                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4156902                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1297740                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 118105                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        118105                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               180285                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              101359                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      151464                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13439093                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13439093                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26499326                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10912240                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1481018                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2572339                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1091321                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 50455      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10691570     78.81%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    77147      0.57%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81731      0.60%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    7549      0.06%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16634      0.12%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   69437      0.51%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1464428     10.79%     91.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1091169      8.04%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               16590      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13567016                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   211                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        40163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           43777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        40163                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3614                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          43777                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        25332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         25846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25332                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        25846                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1633023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1663974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1633023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1663974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        40677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        69623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        40677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        69623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.371228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.371228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64464.827096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64380.329645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64464.827096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64380.329645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        25846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        25846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1582359000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1612282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1582359000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1612282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62464.827096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62380.329645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62464.827096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62380.329645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        40163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          43777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        25846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1633023000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1663974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        40677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        69623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.371228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60215.953307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64464.827096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64380.329645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1582359000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1612282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58215.953307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62464.827096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62380.329645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        29676                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        29676                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        29676                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        29676                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        13314.908309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              99299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            25846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.841948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   512.494634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 12802.413676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.097675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.101585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        25846                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          753                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7533                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        17484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.197189                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           125145                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          125145                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9376189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9376189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9376189                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9376189                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         202143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             202143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        202143                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            202143                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3236087000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3236087000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3236087000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3236087000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9578332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9578332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9578332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9578332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16008.899640                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16008.899640                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16008.899640                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16008.899640                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       202143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        202143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       202143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       202143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2831801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2831801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2831801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2831801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14008.899640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14008.899640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14008.899640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14008.899640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     201926                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9376189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9376189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        202143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            202143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3236087000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3236087000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9578332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9578332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16008.899640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16008.899640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       202143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       202143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2831801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2831801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14008.899640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14008.899640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.762045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9578332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                202143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 47.383941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.762045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9780475                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9780475                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25846                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25846                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        51692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        51692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1654144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1654144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1654144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            25846000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          140457750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1621248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1654144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            25332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                25846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1098790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           54152805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               55251594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1098790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1098790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1098790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          54152805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              55251594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       514.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     25332.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000577500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                59381                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        25846                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      25846                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     315215750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   129230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                799828250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12195.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30945.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7980                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  30.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  25846                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    25846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        17866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      92.586141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     83.558602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     54.828630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         11997     67.15%     67.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5083     28.45%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          746      4.18%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           16      0.09%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.03%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      0.03%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         17866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1654144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1654144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         55.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      55.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    29932329000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1158102.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1621248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1098789.734679822810                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54152804.589317649603                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          514                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        25332                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     13812250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    786016000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26872.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31028.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     30.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              63938700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              33984225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             92405880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2363290800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7116802260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5503247040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         15173668905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.829755                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14226346750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    999700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14712347250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              63624540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              33817245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             92134560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2363290800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7101212760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5516375040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15170454945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.722403                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14261026000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    999689000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14677679000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2528221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2528221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2528221                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2528221                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44385                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44385                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2364690000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2364690000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2364690000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2364690000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2572606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2572606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2572606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2572606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53276.782697                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53276.782697                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53276.782697                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53276.782697                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36225                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36225                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2275920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2275920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2275920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2275920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51276.782697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51276.782697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51276.782697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51276.782697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      44129                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1469910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1469910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    368305000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    368305000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1481721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1481721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31183.219033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31183.219033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    344683000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    344683000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29183.219033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29183.219033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1058311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1058311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        32574                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            32574                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1996385000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1996385000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1090885                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1090885                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029860                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029860                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61287.683429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61287.683429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1931237000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1931237000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029860                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029860                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59287.683429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59287.683429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.717955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2572606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 44385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.961158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.717955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2616991                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2616991                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          161466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              176905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         161466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             176905                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         40677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             69623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        40677                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28946                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            69623                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    558724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1958657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2517381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    558724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1958657000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2517381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       202143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          246528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       202143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         246528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.282414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.282414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13735.624554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67665.895115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36157.318702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13735.624554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67665.895115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36157.318702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          29676                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                29676                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1900765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2378135000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477370000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1900765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2378135000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11735.624554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65665.895115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34157.318702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11735.624554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65665.895115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34157.318702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     90526                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         161466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             176905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        40677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            69623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    558724000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1958657000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2517381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       202143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         246528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.282414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13735.624554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67665.895115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36157.318702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1900765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2378135000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11735.624554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65665.895115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34157.318702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.553198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 282753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.105879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   214.470243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    36.525860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   258.557095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.418887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.071340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.504994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               373791                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              373791                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               246528                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              246528                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36225                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       124995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       404286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  529281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5159040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     12937152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 18096192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1010715000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            427653000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           221925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  29938394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
