
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3742464000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  76971                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34379024                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   134373                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    13.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              286346759                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1005967                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003742                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3742464000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            175664                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1005967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      242818                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      109650                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1318966                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           197                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3742453                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3742453                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               790039                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              614436                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       125681                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 228755                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        228755                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               298240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              191100                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       39256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1632283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1632283                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3379522                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1419325                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      242790                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        352409                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     109619                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13820      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1218945     69.41%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11643      0.66%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     73003      4.16%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     141      0.01%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       26      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    11254      0.64%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      382      0.02%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3927      0.22%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               23154      1.32%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                7810      0.44%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 224      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              39488      2.25%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   149285      8.50%     88.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   77448      4.41%     92.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               93505      5.32%     98.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              32171      1.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1756226                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1104                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1718                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2822                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2109                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1917                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4026                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    237913000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113421000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    237913000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         6848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         6848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.656396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.527373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.587909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.656396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.527373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.587909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59028.923661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59165.884194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59094.138102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59028.923661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59165.884194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59094.138102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              255                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    109587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229861000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    109587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229861000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.656396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.527373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.656396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.527373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57028.923661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57165.884194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57094.138102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57028.923661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57165.884194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57094.138102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1075                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113421000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    237913000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         6848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.656396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.527373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.587909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59028.923661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59165.884194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59094.138102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120274000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    109587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229861000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.656396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.527373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57028.923661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57165.884194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57094.138102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2669.476878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.404651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   111.122822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1322.685620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1235.668436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.013565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.161461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.150838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.325864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.379028                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            13253                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           13253                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    188755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    188755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    188755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    188755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51001.080789                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51001.080789                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51001.080789                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51001.080789                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    181353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    181353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    181353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    181353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49001.080789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49001.080789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49001.080789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49001.080789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3445                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    188755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    188755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51001.080789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51001.080789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    181353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    181353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49001.080789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49001.080789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.353621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  302775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 87.888244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.353621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.981850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1322667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1322667                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       273984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       273984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  273984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5301000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21382500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          134976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          122688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              257664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       134976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         134976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        16320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            16320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           36066078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           32782680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               68848758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      36066078                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          36066078                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4360763                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4360763                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4360763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          36066078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32782680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              73209522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       255.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2109.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1915.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001216892500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            14                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            14                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9253                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 223                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4026                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         255                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4026                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       255                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      28372500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                103822500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7050.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25800.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3173                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      208                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4026                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   255                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     309.890909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    197.406894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    303.129685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           253     28.75%     28.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          246     27.95%     56.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          128     14.55%     71.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      6.59%     77.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           43      4.89%     82.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      3.86%     86.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           23      2.61%     89.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      2.16%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           76      8.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      286.071429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      87.150678                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     674.401326                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             11     78.57%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      7.14%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      7.14%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      7.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           14                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.928571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.901418                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.997249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      7.14%     57.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 6     42.86%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             14                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  257536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    15168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   257664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 16320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         68.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      68.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     1473498000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      344194.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       134976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       122560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        15168                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 36066078.391134820879                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32748478.008071687073                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4052944.797865791246                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2109                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1917                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          255                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     54226750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     49595750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  22893357750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25712.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25871.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  89777873.53                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3177300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1688775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             14365680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              125280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      295027200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         401834610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1098719520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1814938365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.958136                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2852457750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    124800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    765206250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3105900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1650825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14365680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1111860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      295027200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         388028070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1110346080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1813635615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         484.610036                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2882809500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    124800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    734854500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    223278000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    223278000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    224123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    224123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33585.740072                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33585.740072                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33626.856714                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33626.856714                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    209984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    210795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31586.040915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31586.040915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31627.156789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31627.156789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6408                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22124.925105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22124.925105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20124.925105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20124.925105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149425000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    149425000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45143.504532                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45143.504532                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142807000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142807000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43144.108761                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43144.108761                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       845000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       845000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49705.882353                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49705.882353                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       811000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       811000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47705.882353                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47705.882353                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.967725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  266173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.537609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.967725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                359112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               359112                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162043000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    318885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162043000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    318885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.660718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50433.551198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43135.863586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46559.351730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50433.551198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43135.863586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46559.351730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155617000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149572000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    305189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155617000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149572000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    305189000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48433.551198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41136.413641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44559.643744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48433.551198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41136.413641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44559.643744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8236                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162043000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156842000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    318885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50433.551198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43135.863586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46559.351730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155617000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149572000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    305189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48433.551198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41136.413641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44559.643744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              498.931014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.362069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   109.677667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    87.080100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   302.173247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.214214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.170078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.590182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.974475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22635                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10366                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10365                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3521                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       651840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       236864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            18505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             27971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            33320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3742464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7475103000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  89987                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34405644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   165772                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    22.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              335389851                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2005601                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007475                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7475103000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            418358                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2005601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448446                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      218980                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2594285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           353                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7475092                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7475092                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2001511                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1301919                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       310647                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 272041                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        272041                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               357051                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              226164                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       78203                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3541298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3541298                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7032186                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2982030                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      447966                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        666797                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     218831                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21798      0.59%      0.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2802346     75.85%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12786      0.35%     76.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81041      2.19%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     474      0.01%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      146      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14328      0.39%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4812      0.13%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10968      0.30%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25788      0.70%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9641      0.26%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 236      0.01%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              43167      1.17%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   339209      9.18%     91.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  184003      4.98%     96.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              108757      2.94%     99.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34828      0.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3694706                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6914                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3734                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10648                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4760                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2848                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7608                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    172294000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    469951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297657000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    172294000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    469951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.407744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.416740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.407744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.416740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62532.983193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60496.488764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61770.636172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62532.983193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60496.488764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61770.636172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          699                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              699                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    454735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288137000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    454735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.407744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.416740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.407744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.416740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60532.983193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58496.488764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59770.636172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60532.983193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58496.488764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59770.636172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3767                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297657000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    172294000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    469951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.407744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.416740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62532.983193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60496.488764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61770.636172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288137000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166598000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.407744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.416740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60532.983193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58496.488764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59770.636172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3246.419780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.991240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   132.126372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1611.327403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1502.966005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.016129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.196695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.183468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.396291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3976                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.505493                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            30930                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           30930                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    574396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    574396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    574396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    574396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36016.804615                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36016.804615                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36016.804615                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36016.804615                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    542502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    542502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    542502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    542502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34016.930023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34016.930023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34016.930023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34016.930023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15691                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    574396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    574396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36016.804615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36016.804615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    542502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    542502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34016.930023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34016.930023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.673757                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2452660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                156.309987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.673757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2610232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2610232                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       531648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       531648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  531648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11103000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           40713500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          304640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          182272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              486912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       304640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         304640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        44736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            44736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           699                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 699                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           40753953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24383878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               65137832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      40753953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          40753953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         5984667                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5984667                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         5984667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          40753953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24383878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              71122498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       693.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4760.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2829.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006057322250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            39                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            39                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17773                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 622                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7608                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         699                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7608                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       699                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      74109500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    37945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                216403250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9765.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28515.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5192                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      550                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7608                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   699                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     210.526316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    140.294887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    230.574103                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1080     43.06%     43.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          744     29.67%     72.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          313     12.48%     85.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          111      4.43%     89.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           65      2.59%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           45      1.79%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           34      1.36%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           28      1.12%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           88      3.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      191.974359                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      94.373267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     420.676804                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             30     76.92%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      7.69%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      2.56%     94.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      2.56%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      2.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.948718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.920140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.998650                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                20     51.28%     51.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      2.56%     53.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                18     46.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  485696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    42304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   486912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 44736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         64.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          5.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      65.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7445984000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      896350.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       304640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       181056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        42304                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 40753953.490674309433                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24221204.711159162223                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 5659320.012045319192                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4760                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2848                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          699                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    138821250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     77582000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 141198401000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29164.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27240.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 202000573.68                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11181240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5942970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             30487800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1216260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      590054400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1225498860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1838440800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3702822330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.354021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4761216250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    249600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2464286750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6725880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3574890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             23697660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2234160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      590054400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         961756440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2060539680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3648583110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         488.098038                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5347236000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    249600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1878267000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403029000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    403029000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    405810000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    405810000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28656.783276                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28656.783276                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28626.551919                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28626.551919                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    374901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    374901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    377458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26656.783276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26656.783276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26626.551919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26626.551919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    175489000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175489000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20973.945261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20973.945261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    158755000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158755000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18973.945261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18973.945261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227540000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    227540000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39940.319466                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39940.319466                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    216146000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    216146000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37940.319466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37940.319466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2781000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      2781000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24830.357143                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24830.357143                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2557000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2557000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22830.357143                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22830.357143                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.479241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  641150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 46.059626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.479241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                681571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               681571                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               11867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              11867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    439899000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    692063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    439899000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252164000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    692063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           30124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          30124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.606062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37678.715203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38311.151626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37906.720710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37678.715203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38311.151626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37906.720710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    416551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239000000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    655551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    416551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    655551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35678.886510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36311.151626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35906.830257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35678.886510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36311.151626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35906.830257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21520                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              11867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    439899000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252164000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    692063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          30124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37678.715203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38311.151626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37906.720710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    416551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239000000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    655551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35678.886510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36311.151626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35906.830257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.456918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  34798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.617007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    92.323642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   168.777918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   244.355359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.180320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.329644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.477257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59240                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                30124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               30123                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   67331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1020608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2381248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            79735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             65544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            70880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7475103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11296838000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  74157                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34423716                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   139636                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              279243474                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000028                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011297                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11296838000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            664460                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      697620                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      342414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3884533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           496                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11296827                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11296827                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3254303                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1920834                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       492688                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 294691                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        294691                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               386572                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              244092                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      123353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5479530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5479530                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10799401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4546091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      696568                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1038730                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     342162                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27846      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4364601     77.26%     77.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12970      0.23%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81801      1.45%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     634      0.01%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      258      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16254      0.29%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8906      0.16%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15855      0.28%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               26705      0.47%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9727      0.17%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 243      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              44129      0.78%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   579445     10.26%     91.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  306652      5.43%     97.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              117123      2.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              35510      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5649037                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   246                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        14691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           20900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        14691                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6209                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          20900                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6662                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3484                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10146                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    414598000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    212524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    627122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    414598000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    212524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    627122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        31046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        31046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.311994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.326805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.311994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.326805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62233.263284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        61000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61809.777252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62233.263284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        61000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61809.777252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1036                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1036                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    401274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    606830000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    401274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    606830000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.311994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.311994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60233.263284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        59000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59809.777252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60233.263284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        59000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59809.777252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  5831                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        14691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          20900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    414598000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    212524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    627122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        31046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.311994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.326805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62233.263284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        61000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61809.777252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    401274000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    606830000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.311994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60233.263284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        59000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59809.777252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3705.438861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              15638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             5831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.681873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   156.582965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1891.157716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1657.698180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.019114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.230854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.202356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.452324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1983                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.585449                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            47796                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           47796                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    940543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    940543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    940543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    940543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31117.018461                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31117.018461                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31117.018461                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31117.018461                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    880091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    880091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    880091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    880091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29117.018461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29117.018461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29117.018461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29117.018461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      29970                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    940543000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    940543000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31117.018461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31117.018461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    880091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    880091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29117.018461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29117.018461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.460728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3584451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                119.601301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.460728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3914759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3914759                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        21328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        21328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       715648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       715648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  715648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15326000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           54275000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          426368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          222976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              649344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       426368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         426368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        66304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            66304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1036                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1036                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           37742243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19737913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               57480155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      37742243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          37742243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         5869253                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5869253                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         5869253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          37742243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19737913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              63349408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1022.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6662.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3451.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006057322250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            58                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            58                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                24130                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 933                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10146                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1036                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10146                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1036                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      33                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      99469500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    50565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                289088250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9835.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28585.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6847                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      813                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10146                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1036                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     206.350276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    139.476302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    221.242830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1468     42.64%     42.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1046     30.38%     73.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          409     11.88%     84.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          173      5.02%     89.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          109      3.17%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           59      1.71%     94.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           45      1.31%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           34      0.99%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          100      2.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           58                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      167.482759                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      94.909902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     347.862104                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             41     70.69%     70.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           10     17.24%     87.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      6.90%     94.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      1.72%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      1.72%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      1.72%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             58                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           58                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.086207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.057449                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.996212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                26     44.83%     44.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.72%     46.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                31     53.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             58                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  647232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    63424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   649344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 66304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         57.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          5.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      57.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11296356000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1010226.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       426368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       220864                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        63424                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 37742242.563804134727                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19550957.533426608890                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 5614314.377173506655                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6662                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3484                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1036                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    192355500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     96732750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 213683389500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28873.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27764.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 206258097.97                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12644940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6720945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             33493740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1534680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      891228000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1528143210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3051128640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5524894155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         489.065538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7910707500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    377000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3009130500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11945220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6345240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             38713080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3638340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      891228000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1843213560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2785806240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5580889680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.022281                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7223729500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    377000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3696108500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    543270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    543270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546887000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    546887000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27167.575136                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27167.575136                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27142.141049                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27142.141049                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    503278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    503278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    506591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25167.675151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25167.675151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25142.240310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25142.240310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19892                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278968000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    278968000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21206.233371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21206.233371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    252660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19206.385405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19206.385405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264302000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    264302000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38629.348144                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38629.348144                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    250618000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    250618000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36629.348144                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36629.348144                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3617000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      3617000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23796.052632                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23796.052632                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3313000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3313000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21796.052632                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21796.052632                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.670318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  997705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 50.156093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.670318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1060146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1060146                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            8873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         21353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    678863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    331565000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1010428000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    678863000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    331565000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1010428000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           50375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          50375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.616318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31792.394511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34203.115329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32545.109028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31792.394511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34203.115329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32545.109028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    636157000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    312179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    948336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    636157000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    312179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    948336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29792.394511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32203.321642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30545.173447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29792.394511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32203.321642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30545.173447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     35462                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    678863000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    331565000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1010428000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          50375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31792.394511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34203.115329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32545.109028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    636157000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    312179000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    948336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29792.394511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32203.321642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30545.173447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.670451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                35462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.610738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.149763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   200.579746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   218.940942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.172168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.391757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.427619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                95484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               95484                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                50375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               50374                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        49432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        60452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  109884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1874112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1934464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3808576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           151130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             96050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           100740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11296838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15450216000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  79921                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34440280                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   151300                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    50.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              308689877                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000105                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7572714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015450                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15450216000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            871669                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7572714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      972827                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           114                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      532043                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5195338                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           716                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15450205                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15450205                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4243397                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2453137                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       635436                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 316759                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        316759                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               422078                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              261358                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174575                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7387297                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7387297                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14672249                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6053330                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      971535                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1503232                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     531697                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 31569      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5806697     76.68%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13871      0.18%     77.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81808      1.08%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     737      0.01%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.02%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19140      0.25%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11530      0.15%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18195      0.24%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               28324      0.37%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  18      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9762      0.13%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 251      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              45971      0.61%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  6      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   849078     11.21%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  493116      6.51%     97.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              122457      1.62%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38581      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7572751                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        27076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           36348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        27076                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9272                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          36348                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         8606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         12483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8606                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3877                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        12483                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    534434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    236961000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    771395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    534434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    236961000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    771395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.294851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.255637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.294851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.255637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62100.162677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61119.680165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61795.642073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62100.162677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61119.680165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61795.642073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1647                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1647                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        12483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        12483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    517222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    229207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    746429000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    517222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    229207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    746429000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.294851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.294851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60100.162677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59119.680165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59795.642073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60100.162677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59119.680165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59795.642073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  7932                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        27076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          36348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        12483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    534434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    236961000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    771395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.294851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.255637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62100.162677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61119.680165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61795.642073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    517222000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    229207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    746429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.294851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60100.162677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59119.680165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59795.642073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4028.916841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              26018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.280131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   176.157140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2113.131798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1739.627904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.021504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.257951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.212357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.491811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1671                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.633057                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            69824                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           69824                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5144493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5144493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5144493                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5144493                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          50845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              50845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         50845                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             50845                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1423204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1423204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1423204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1423204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5195338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5195338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27991.031567                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27991.031567                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27991.031567                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27991.031567                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         50845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1321516000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1321516000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1321516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1321516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25991.070902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25991.070902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25991.070902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25991.070902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      50588                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5144493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5144493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         50845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             50845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1423204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1423204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5195338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27991.031567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27991.031567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1321516000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1321516000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25991.070902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25991.070902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.874520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5174532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 50588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                102.287736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.874520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5246182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5246182                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1647                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        26613                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        26613                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  26613                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       904320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       904320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  904320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            20718000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           66786000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          550784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          248128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              798912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       550784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         550784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       105408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           105408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             8606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1647                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1647                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           35648951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           16059840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               51708792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      35648951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          35648951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         6822429                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6822429                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         6822429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          35648951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          16059840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              58531221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1624.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      8606.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3814.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006057322250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            93                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            93                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                30405                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1500                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12483                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1647                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12483                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1647                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      63                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     23                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     122839250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    62100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                355714250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9890.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28640.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8285                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1305                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12483                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1647                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     202.796924                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    135.313847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    222.553688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2012     45.50%     45.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1255     28.38%     73.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          485     10.97%     84.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          220      4.98%     89.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          141      3.19%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           79      1.79%     94.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           59      1.33%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           44      1.00%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          127      2.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           93                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      132.989247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      73.468063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     284.241534                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             71     76.34%     76.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           13     13.98%     90.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            5      5.38%     95.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      1.08%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      1.08%     97.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      1.08%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      1.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             93                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           93                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.129032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.100330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.991549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                40     43.01%     43.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.08%     44.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                52     55.91%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             93                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  794880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   101952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   798912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                105408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         51.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          6.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      51.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15449726000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1093398.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       550784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       244096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       101952                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 35648951.445080123842                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 15798872.973685286939                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 6598742.697189476341                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         8606                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3877                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1647                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    247350500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    108363750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 339384140250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28741.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27950.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 206062015.94                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14494200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7703850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             39148620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3017160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1219445760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1793478780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4422585120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7499873490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.421918                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11473626500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    515840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3460749500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              17086020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9077640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             49530180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             5298300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1219445760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2731547160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3632632800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7664617860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         496.084835                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9415441000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    515840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5518935000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1477008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1477008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1477866                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1477866                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26967                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26967                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    682720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    682720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    686703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    686703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1503811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1503811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1504833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1504833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25471.775548                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25471.775548                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25464.567805                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25464.567805                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11927                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11927                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    629114000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    629114000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    632769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    632769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23471.775548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23471.775548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23464.567805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23464.567805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      26711                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          952736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              952736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390817000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    390817000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       971805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          971805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20494.886989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20494.886989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    352679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18494.886989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18494.886989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         524272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             524272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291903000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    291903000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       532006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         532006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37742.823894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37742.823894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276435000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276435000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35742.823894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35742.823894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3983000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      3983000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24286.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24286.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3655000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3655000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22286.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22286.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.296591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 26711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 49.475759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.296591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1531800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1531800                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15162                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13818                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28980                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         35683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    981088000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1381232000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    981088000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1381232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           77812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          77812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27494.549225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30431.515705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28285.386632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27494.549225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30431.515705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28285.386632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7875                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7875                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    909724000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373846000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283570000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    909724000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373846000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283570000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25494.605274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28431.515705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26285.427588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25494.605274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28431.515705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26285.427588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54473                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              28980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    981088000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1381232000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          77812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27494.549225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30431.515705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28285.386632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    909724000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283570000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25494.605274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28431.515705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26285.427588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.834335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.631726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.640643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   219.945200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   204.248492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.165314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.429580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.398923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               144724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              144724                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                77812                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               77811                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  167550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2489216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3254016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5743232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           254220000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            137447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           134835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15450216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19817548000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  86643                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34451952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   161989                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    57.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              343391738                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000221                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9348543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019818                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19817548000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1057085                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000221                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9348543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1236468                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           123                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      685261                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6535917                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1479                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19817537                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19817537                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5186503                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2991952                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       765677                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 389390                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        389390                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               552091                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              323565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      214670                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9112910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9112910                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18193139                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7429793                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1235176                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1920052                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     684876                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 32836      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7125673     76.22%     76.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17353      0.19%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82207      0.88%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2241      0.02%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    22346      0.24%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11550      0.12%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20641      0.22%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               43801      0.47%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  90      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10558      0.11%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 374      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              57164      0.61%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 54      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1098197     11.75%     91.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636928      6.81%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              136979      1.47%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              47948      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9348580                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        43709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        13116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           56825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        43709                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        13116                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          56825                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        12441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         17143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12441                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4702                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        17143                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    766180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279284000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1045464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    766180000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279284000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1045464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        73968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        73968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.221567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.263890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.231762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.221567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.263890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.231762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61585.081585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59396.852403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60984.891793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61585.081585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59396.852403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60984.891793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2864                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2864                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        17143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        17143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    741298000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269880000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011178000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    741298000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269880000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011178000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.221567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.263890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.221567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.263890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59585.081585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57396.852403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58984.891793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59585.081585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57396.852403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58984.891793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 12975                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        43709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        13116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          56825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        17143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    766180000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279284000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1045464000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        73968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.221567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.263890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.231762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61585.081585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59396.852403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60984.891793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    741298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269880000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011178000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.221567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.263890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59585.081585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57396.852403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58984.891793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4335.433333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              41305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            12975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.183430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   185.152266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2425.407616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1724.873450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.022602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.296070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.210556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.529228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1697                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3259                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.663330                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           104073                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          104073                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6460262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6460262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6460262                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6460262                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          75655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              75655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         75655                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             75655                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2101826000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2101826000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2101826000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2101826000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6535917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6535917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27781.719648                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27781.719648                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27781.719648                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27781.719648                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1950518000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1950518000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1950518000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1950518000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25781.746084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25781.746084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25781.746084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25781.746084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      75398                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6460262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6460262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         75655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             75655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2101826000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2101826000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6535917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27781.719648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27781.719648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1950518000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1950518000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25781.746084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25781.746084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.122550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6517783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 75398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.445038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.122550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6611571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6611571                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               17143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        37150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        37150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  37150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1280448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1280448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1280448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            31463000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           91539500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          796224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          300928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1097152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       796224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         796224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       183296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           183296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            12441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                17143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2864                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2864                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           40177725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           15184926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               55362651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      40177725                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          40177725                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         9249177                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               9249177                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         9249177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          40177725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          15184926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              64611828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2700.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     12441.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4377.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006057322250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           155                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           155                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                41503                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2524                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        17143                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2864                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      17143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2864                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     325                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    164                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     161832250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    84090000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                477169750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9622.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28372.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11378                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2210                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  17143                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2864                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16816                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     211.370276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    141.747838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    224.037883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2510     42.54%     42.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1713     29.03%     71.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          699     11.85%     83.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          342      5.80%     89.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          197      3.34%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          133      2.25%     94.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           86      1.46%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           62      1.05%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          159      2.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      108.303226                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      65.126775                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     224.570973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            127     81.94%     81.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           18     11.61%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            6      3.87%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.65%     98.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.65%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.65%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.65%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.232258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.204858                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.965774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                58     37.42%     37.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.94%     39.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                94     60.65%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1076352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    20800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   170944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1097152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                183296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         54.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          8.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      55.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       9.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19814947000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      990400.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       796224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       280128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       170944                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 40177725.316976651549                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 14135351.154441507533                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 8625890.549123432487                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        12441                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4702                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2864                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    351304000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    125865750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 445267638750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28237.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26768.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 155470544.26                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              17328780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9210465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             48473460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4577940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1564258800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2308526790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5665916160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9618292395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.342203                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14700231250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    661700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4455616750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              24804360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13183830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             71607060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9364680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1564258800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3804911880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4405802400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9893933010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         499.251119                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11415149500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    661700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7740698500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1884634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1884634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1885676                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1885676                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          35805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              35805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         36016                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             36016                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    876838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    876838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    881851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    881851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1920439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1920439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1921692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1921692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24489.261276                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24489.261276                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24484.978898                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24484.978898                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         35805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    805228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    805228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    809819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    809819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22489.261276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22489.261276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22484.978898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22484.978898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      35760                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1209499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1209499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    526813000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    526813000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1235215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1235215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20485.806502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20485.806502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    475381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18485.806502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18485.806502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         675135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             675135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350025000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    350025000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       685224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         685224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34693.725840                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34693.725840                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329847000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329847000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32693.725840                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32693.725840                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5013000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5013000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23758.293839                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23758.293839                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4591000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4591000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21758.293839                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21758.293839                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.671983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1875648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 35760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 52.451007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.671983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1957708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1957708                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               37702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18198                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              37702                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             73969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            73969                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1471248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1972762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1471248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1972762000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.662383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.662383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26201.634877                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28146.481087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26670.118563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26201.634877                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28146.481087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26670.118563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1358948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465878000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1824826000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1358948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465878000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1824826000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24201.670496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26146.481087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24670.145602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24201.670496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26146.481087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24670.145602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     82989                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              37702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            73969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1471248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1972762000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.662383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26201.634877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28146.481087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26670.118563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1358948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1824826000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24201.670496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26146.481087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24670.145602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.531975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 127427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                82989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.535469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.337292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   260.613313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   170.581370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.509010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.333167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               211665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              211665                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16493                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       151309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  239834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3360576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4841856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8202432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           378270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            194136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           180080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19817548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24172254000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97390                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34453620                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   180887                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    61.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              392350755                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000049                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11144204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024172                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24172254000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1247451                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000049                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11144204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1499697                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           123                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      840369                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7875164                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2162                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24172243                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24172243                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6149657                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3534842                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       899713                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 453624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        453624                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               666884                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              379012                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      255140                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10863463                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10863463                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21752685                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8826434                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1498405                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2338374                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     839969                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34067      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8466597     75.97%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20821      0.19%     76.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82795      0.74%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3746      0.03%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    25164      0.23%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11568      0.10%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23219      0.21%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               57703      0.52%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 138      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11347      0.10%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 549      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              66413      0.60%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                100      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1348624     12.10%     91.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  784313      7.04%     98.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              149781      1.34%     99.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              55656      0.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11144241                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        60180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           78000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        60180                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17820                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          78000                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        15670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         21159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15670                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5489                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        21159                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    961335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    321228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1282563000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    961335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    321228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1282563000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        99159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        99159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.235488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.213385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.235488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.213385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61348.755584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58522.135179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60615.482773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61348.755584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58522.135179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60615.482773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3945                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3945                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        21159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        21159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    929995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1240245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    929995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1240245000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.235488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.235488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59348.755584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56522.135179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58615.482773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59348.755584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56522.135179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58615.482773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 17610                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        60180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          78000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        21159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    961335000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    321228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1282563000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        99159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.235488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.213385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61348.755584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58522.135179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60615.482773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    929995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1240245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.235488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59348.755584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56522.135179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58615.482773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4538.553980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              54516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            17610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.095741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   185.729153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2679.329795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1673.495031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.022672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.327067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.204284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.554023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          268                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1836                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.669434                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           138437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          138437                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7775196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7775196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7775196                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7775196                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          99968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              99968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         99968                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             99968                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2734520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2734520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2734520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2734520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7875164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7875164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27353.953265                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27353.953265                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27353.953265                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27353.953265                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2534584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2534584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2534584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2534584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25353.953265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25353.953265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25353.953265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25353.953265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      99712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7775196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7775196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         99968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             99968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2734520000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2734520000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7875164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27353.953265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27353.953265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2534584000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2534584000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25353.953265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25353.953265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.280625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7847964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 99712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 78.706314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.280625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7975132                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7975132                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               21159                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              21159                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        46263                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        46263                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  46263                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1606656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1606656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1606656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            40884000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          112917750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1002880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          351296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1354176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1002880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1002880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       252480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           252480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            15670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                21159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3945                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3945                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           41488891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           14533026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               56021917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      41488891                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          41488891                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        10445033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              10445033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        10445033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          41488891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          14533026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              66466950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3660.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     15670.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4977.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006057322250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           210                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           210                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                51335                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3432                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        21159                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3945                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      21159                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3945                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     512                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    285                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     195181250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   103235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                582312500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9453.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28203.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13970                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3036                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  21159                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3945                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    20645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     213.673728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    144.132406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    222.266335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2984     41.05%     41.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2178     29.96%     71.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          855     11.76%     82.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          438      6.02%     88.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          284      3.91%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          166      2.28%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          112      1.54%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           76      1.05%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          177      2.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       98.176190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      61.140613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     196.571164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            174     82.86%     82.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           24     11.43%     94.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7      3.33%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.95%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.48%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.290476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.263796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.951657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                73     34.76%     34.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.43%     36.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               134     63.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1321408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    32768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   232384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1354176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                252480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         54.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          9.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      56.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      10.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24171181000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      962841.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1002880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       318528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       232384                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 41488890.527130812407                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 13177422.345470968634                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9613666.975367708132                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        15670                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5489                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3945                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    438839000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    143473500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 553207230250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28005.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26138.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 140229969.65                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19734960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10489380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             54835200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5146920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1907842560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2831301720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6897891840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11727242580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.153043                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17897244750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    807040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5467969250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              32187120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              17100270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             92584380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            13806900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1907842560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4863012000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5186977920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12113511150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         501.132875                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13435384500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    807040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9929829500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2291464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2291464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2292695                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2292695                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47334                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47334                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1108271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1108271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1114048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1114048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2338555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2338555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2340029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2340029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23534.666921                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23534.666921                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23535.893861                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23535.893861                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           22117                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 22117                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1014091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1014091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1019382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1019382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21534.709392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21534.709392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21535.936114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21535.936114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47077                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1464255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1464255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         33968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             33968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    690357000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    690357000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1498223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1498223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.022672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20323.745878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20323.745878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    622421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    622421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18323.745878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18323.745878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         827209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             827209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417914000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    417914000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       840332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         840332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31845.919378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31845.919378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391670000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    391670000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29846.071782                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29846.071782                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1231                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1231                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             243                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5777000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5777000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1474                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1474                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23773.662551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23773.662551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          243                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5291000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5291000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21773.662551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21773.662551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.911230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2270240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 48.223973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.911230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2387362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2387362                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           24118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           24024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               48142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          24118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          24024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              48142                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         75850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             99160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            99160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1916045000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    613267000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2529312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1916045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    613267000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2529312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          147302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         147302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.673175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.673175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25260.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26309.180609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25507.382009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25260.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26309.180609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25507.382009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16184                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16184                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764345000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    566649000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2330994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764345000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    566649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2330994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23260.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24309.266409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23507.402178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23260.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24309.266409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23507.402178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    112206                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          24118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          24024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              48142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            99160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1916045000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    613267000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2529312000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         147302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.673175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25260.975610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26309.180609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25507.382009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764345000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    566649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2330994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23260.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24309.266409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23507.402178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.976597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 168587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               112206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.502478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.049182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   285.627707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   149.299708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.146580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.557867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.291601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               282137                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              282137                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               147302                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              147301                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         22117                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       116784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       199936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  316720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4444800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6397952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10842752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           499840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           236665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24172254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28519325000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 108904                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34454808                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   200987                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    64.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              443693465                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12918852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028519                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28519325000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1431630                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12918852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1763992                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           127                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      993144                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            94                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9211082                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2769                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28519325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28519325                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7107748                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4091042                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1030030                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 508801                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        508801                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               763334                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              426035                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      293700                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12599985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12599985                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25296935                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10219316                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1762697                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2755419                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     992722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 35314      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9792212     75.80%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    24677      0.19%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     83341      0.65%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5023      0.04%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    27538      0.21%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11632      0.09%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25890      0.20%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               69160      0.54%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 180      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11987      0.09%     78.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 702      0.01%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              74035      0.57%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                140      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1601548     12.40%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929889      7.20%     98.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              161149      1.25%     99.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              62833      0.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12918890                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        75540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        23358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           98898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        75540                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        23358                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          98898                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        18660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         25182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        18660                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6522                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        25182                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1143953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1523075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1143953000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1523075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       124080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       124080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.218273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.202950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.218273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.202950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61305.091104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58129.714811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60482.686046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61305.091104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58129.714811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60482.686046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5026                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5026                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        25182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        25182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1106633000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366078000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1472711000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1106633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366078000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1472711000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.218273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.202950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.218273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.202950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59305.091104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56129.714811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58482.686046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59305.091104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56129.714811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58482.686046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 22272                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        75540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        23358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          98898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        18660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        25182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1143953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1523075000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       124080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.218273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.202950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61305.091104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58129.714811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60482.686046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1106633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366078000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1472711000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.218273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.202950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59305.091104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56129.714811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58482.686046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4683.375630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             146024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            27795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.253607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   186.258671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2860.178916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1636.938043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.022737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.349143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.199822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.571701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5523                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          595                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.674194                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           173819                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          173819                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9088302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9088302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9088302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9088302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         122780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             122780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        122780                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            122780                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3327278000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3327278000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3327278000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3327278000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9211082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9211082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27099.511321                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27099.511321                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27099.511321                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27099.511321                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        122780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       122780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3081718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3081718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3081718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3081718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25099.511321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25099.511321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25099.511321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25099.511321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     122524                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9088302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9088302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        122780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            122780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3327278000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3327278000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9211082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27099.511321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27099.511321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       122780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3081718000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3081718000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25099.511321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25099.511321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.390276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9211082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                122780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 75.021029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.390276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9333862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9333862                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        55390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        55390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  55390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1933312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1933312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1933312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            50312000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          134334000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1194240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          417408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1611648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1194240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1194240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       321664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           321664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            18660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                25182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5026                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5026                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           41874764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           14635971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               56510734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      41874764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          41874764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        11278808                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              11278808                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        11278808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          41874764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          14635971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              67789543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4609.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     18660.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5846.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006057322250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           265                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           265                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                61222                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4338                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        25182                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5026                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      25182                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5026                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     676                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    417                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     230916750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   122530000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                690404250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9422.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28172.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     16606                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3855                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  25182                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5026                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    24504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         8632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     215.688601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    145.861596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    222.619360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3448     39.94%     39.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2640     30.58%     70.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1024     11.86%     82.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          535      6.20%     88.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          344      3.99%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          204      2.36%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          139      1.61%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           91      1.05%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          207      2.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          8632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       91.875472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      59.294190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     177.129627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            224     84.53%     84.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           29     10.94%     95.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7      2.64%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.75%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.38%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.38%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.316981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.291354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.932116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                86     32.45%     32.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 9      3.40%     35.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               170     64.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1568384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    43264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   293696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1611648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                321664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         54.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         10.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      56.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      11.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28516492000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      944004.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1194240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       374144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       293696                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 41874763.866255596280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 13118964.070853710175                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 10298139.945458035916                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        18660                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6522                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5026                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    521790250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    168614000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 659789708000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27963.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25853.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 131275309.99                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              22112580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              11753115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             61575360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5491440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2250811680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3359670060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8122224960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13833639195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.061943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21074529250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    952120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6492675750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              39534180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              21005325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            113397480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            18463140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2250811680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5862519540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6014562240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14320293585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.125965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15577159500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    952120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11990045500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2695403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2695403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2696813                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2696813                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          59985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              59985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         60285                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             60285                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1382796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1382796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1390566000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1390566000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2755388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2755388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2757098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2757098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23052.363091                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23052.363091                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23066.533964                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23066.533964                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           28777                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 28777                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1262826000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1262826000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1269996000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1269996000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21052.363091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21052.363091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21066.533964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21066.533964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      60029                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1719081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1719081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         43201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             43201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    874438000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    874438000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1762282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1762282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20241.151825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20241.151825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    788036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    788036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18241.151825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18241.151825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         976322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             976322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    508358000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    508358000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       993106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         993106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30288.250715                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30288.250715                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474790000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    474790000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28288.250715                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28288.250715                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          300                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             300                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7770000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7770000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1710                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1710                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        25900                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        25900                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          300                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          300                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7170000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7170000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        23900                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23900                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.077186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2757098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 60285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.734395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.077186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2817383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2817383                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           30405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               58985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          30405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              58985                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         94200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         29880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            124080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           124080                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2331233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    754518000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3085751000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2331233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    754518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3085751000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          183065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         183065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.677792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.677792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24747.696391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25251.606426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24869.044165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24747.696391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25251.606426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24869.044165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21944                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21944                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       124080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       124080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2142833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    694758000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2837591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2142833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    694758000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2837591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22747.696391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23251.606426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22869.044165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22747.696391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23251.606426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22869.044165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    142435                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          30405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              58985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           124080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2331233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    754518000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3085751000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         183065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.677792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24747.696391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25251.606426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24869.044165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       124080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2142833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    694758000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2837591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22747.696391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23251.606426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22869.044165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.285015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 211842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               142947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.481962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.383967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   301.331724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   135.569324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.143328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.588539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.264784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               354789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              354789                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               183065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              183065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       245560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  394907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5699968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7857920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13557888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           613900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            326950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           301425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28519325000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
