
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4843156000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 213031                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1343536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   438930                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     4.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1031536272                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2060798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004843                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4843156000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            239608                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2060798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      201717                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            74                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      139460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1319788                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4843145                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4843145                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1493491                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              634761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176830                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  81369                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         81369                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               136512                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69029                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43018                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1990365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1990365                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3845448                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1603860                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      201364                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        340733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     139369                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14340      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1643714     79.76%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       20      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2029      0.10%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20498      0.99%     81.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      466      0.02%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14386      0.70%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24550      1.19%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   190016      9.22%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137376      6.67%     99.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11348      0.55%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2060823                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1298896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1298896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1298896                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1298896                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1207577000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1207577000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1207577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1207577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1319788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1319788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57800.928585                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57800.928585                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57800.928585                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57800.928585                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1165795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1165795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55801.024316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55801.024316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55801.024316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55801.024316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20635                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1298896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1298896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1207577000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1207577000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1319788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57800.928585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57800.928585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1165795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55801.024316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55801.024316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.577267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1130960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 54.807851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.577267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.986630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1340679                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1340679                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        40201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        40201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  40201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1378944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1378944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1378944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            33110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          100032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          943104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          250816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1193920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       943104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         943104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       185024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           185024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            14736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          194729222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           51787719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              246516941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     194729222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         194729222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        38203188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              38203188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        38203188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         194729222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          51787719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             284720129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2053.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     14736.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3316.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000748310500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           118                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           118                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                40178                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1914                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18655                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2891                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18655                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2891                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     603                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    838                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     198388750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    90260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                536863750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10989.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29739.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11252                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1642                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18655                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2891                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     178.772740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    130.609515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    171.607352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3067     42.66%     42.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2376     33.05%     75.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          916     12.74%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          355      4.94%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          187      2.60%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          136      1.89%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           59      0.82%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           39      0.54%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           55      0.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      152.177966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     109.670425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     149.000237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31               5      4.24%      4.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             28     23.73%     27.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             18     15.25%     43.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            14     11.86%     55.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           16     13.56%     68.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           12     10.17%     78.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            7      5.93%     84.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            2      1.69%     86.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      2.54%     88.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.85%     89.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            3      2.54%     92.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            3      2.54%     94.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      1.69%     96.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.85%     97.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.85%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            1      0.85%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::960-991            1      0.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.220339                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.191759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.988270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                46     38.98%     38.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.85%     39.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                70     59.32%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1155328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    38592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   130048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1193920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                185024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        238.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         26.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     246.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      38.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4842321000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      224743.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       943104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       212224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       130048                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 194729222.019691288471                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 43819360.763931617141                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 26851912.265473172069                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2891                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    431632000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    105231750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 112144364000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29290.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26851.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  38790855.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              29373960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              15612630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             82238520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6331860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      382306080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2028018390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         152025120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2695906560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         556.642520                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    377148000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    161554750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4304453250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              21962640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11673420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             46652760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4275180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      382306080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1909160850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         252115680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2628146610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.651653                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    637407000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    161554750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4044194250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           334134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               334134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          334134                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              334134                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7018                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7018                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    327634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    327634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       341152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           341152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       341152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          341152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46684.810487                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46684.810487                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46684.810487                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46684.810487                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    313598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    313598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44684.810487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44684.810487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44684.810487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44684.810487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6762                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          197436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              197436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    175517000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175517000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40999.065639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40999.065639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38999.065639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38999.065639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         136698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             136698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152117000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    152117000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       139435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         139435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55578.005115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55578.005115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    146643000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146643000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53578.005115                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53578.005115                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.266755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  282597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.791925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.266755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                348170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               348170                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         14737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18656                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1026556000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1283872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1026556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1283872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           27910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          27910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.668434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.668434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69658.410803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65658.586374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68818.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69658.410803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65658.586374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68818.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    997084000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1246562000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    997084000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1246562000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67658.546516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63658.586374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66818.289022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67658.546516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63658.586374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66818.289022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     20617                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1026556000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1283872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          27910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.668434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69658.410803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65658.586374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68818.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    997084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1246562000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67658.546516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63658.586374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66818.289022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.716669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  30145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                20617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.462143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.460387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   188.484364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   208.771918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.207930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.368134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.407758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.983822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                52837                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               52837                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                27910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               27909                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        17834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   59617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       692224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1337024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2029248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           104455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             46900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            35090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 9399599000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 220924                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1358880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   455380                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1038171067                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000172                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4122980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.009400                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9399599000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            489684                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000172                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4122980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      394443                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           142                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            97                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2631806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           228                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          9399588                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    9399588                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3011815                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1279092                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       359514                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 163765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        163765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               275908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              140605                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88250                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3981115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3981115                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7662341                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3220174                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      393630                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        649063                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27738      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3319929     80.52%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     81.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     81.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.10%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    42404      1.03%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.04%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    29118      0.71%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49090      1.19%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   370010      8.97%     93.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  253440      6.15%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23620      0.57%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4123022                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    15                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2593914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2593914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2593914                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2593914                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2166149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2166149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2166149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2166149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2631806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2631806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57166.393962                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57166.393962                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57166.393962                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57166.393962                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2090365000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2090365000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2090365000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2090365000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55166.393962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55166.393962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55166.393962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55166.393962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37636                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2593914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2593914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2166149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2166149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2631806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57166.393962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57166.393962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2090365000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2090365000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55166.393962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55166.393962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.236432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2350983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 62.466335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.236432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2669698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2669698                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               34543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        74622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        74622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  74622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2565056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2565056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2565056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            62223000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          185304000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1679552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          531200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2210752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1679552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1679552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       354304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           354304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            26243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                34543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5536                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5536                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          178683367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           56513049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              235196416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     178683367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         178683367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        37693523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              37693523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        37693523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         178683367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          56513049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             272889939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4291.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     26243.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7413.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001111898750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           246                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           246                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                75152                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4022                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        34543                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5536                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      34543                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5536                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     887                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1245                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               4603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     372605000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   168280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1003655000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11070.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29820.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     21003                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3438                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  34543                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5536                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    33651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     180.023142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    131.081455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    174.638514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5710     42.35%     42.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4517     33.50%     75.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1701     12.62%     88.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          630      4.67%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          352      2.61%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          256      1.90%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          123      0.91%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           85      0.63%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          108      0.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      134.735772                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      93.954610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     141.238195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              16      6.50%      6.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             67     27.24%     33.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             57     23.17%     56.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            24      9.76%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           22      8.94%     75.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           15      6.10%     81.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            9      3.66%     85.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            4      1.63%     86.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      1.22%     88.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            5      2.03%     90.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            2      0.81%     91.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            5      2.03%     93.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            4      1.63%     94.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            3      1.22%     95.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      0.81%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.81%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.41%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.41%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.41%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            1      0.41%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::960-991            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.349593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.322243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.964545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                81     32.93%     32.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.22%     34.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               157     63.82%     97.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      2.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2153984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    56768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   273152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2210752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                354304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        229.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         29.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     235.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      37.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9398614000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      234502.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1679552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       474432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       273152                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 178683367.237261921167                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 50473642.545814990997                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 29059963.089914795011                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5536                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    773846000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    229809000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 215733857000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29487.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27687.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  38969266.08                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              54264000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              28838205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            152524680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10152900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      741870480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3745357710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         455460960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5188468935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         551.988328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1150586750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    313820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7935192250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              42004620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              22325985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             87779160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12126060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      741870480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3658920060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         528250560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5093276925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         541.861086                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1338905750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    313820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7746873250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           635654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               635654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          635654                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              635654                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14365                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14365                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    697202000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    697202000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    697202000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    697202000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           650019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          650019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48534.772015                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48534.772015                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48534.772015                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48534.772015                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7222                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7222                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    668474000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    668474000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    668474000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    668474000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46534.911243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46534.911243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46534.911243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46534.911243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14108                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          384806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              384806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    445519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    445519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       394443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          394443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46230.050846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46230.050846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    426247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44230.258379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44230.258379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251683000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    251683000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53232.445008                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53232.445008                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242227000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    242227000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51232.445008                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51232.445008                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.561189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  647732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.912390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.561189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                664383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               664383                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17713                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             34544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            34544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1833381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    555838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2389219000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1833381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    555838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2389219000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           52257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          52257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.661041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.661041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69861.715505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66960.366221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69164.514822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69861.715505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66960.366221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69164.514822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1780895000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    539238000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2320133000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1780895000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    539238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2320133000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67861.715505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64960.607156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67164.572719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67861.715505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64960.607156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67164.572719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38365                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            34544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1833381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    555838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2389219000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          52257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.661041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69861.715505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66960.366221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69164.514822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1780895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    539238000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2320133000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67861.715505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64960.607156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67164.572719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.732003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  58932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.536088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   111.129433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   158.684217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.918353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.217050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.309930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.464684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                98356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               98356                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                52257                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               52256                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7222                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  111735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1381504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2425088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3806592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             88367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            71820000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12985829000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 237631                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1359012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   483039                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1028577047                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000040                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6098362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012986                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12985829000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            774088                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6098362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      556668                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           271                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      317946                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           113                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3908944                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12985818                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12985818                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4349594                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1922819                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       559752                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      145337                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5937385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5937385                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11279284                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4828243                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      555476                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        873237                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     317761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30677      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5050578     82.82%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.07%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.89%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.03%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.53%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.85%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   528918      8.67%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  315768      5.18%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.44%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6098412                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3871002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3871002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3871002                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3871002                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2169699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2169699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2169699000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2169699000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3908944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3908944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57184.623900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57184.623900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57184.623900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57184.623900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2093815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2093815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2093815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2093815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55184.623900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55184.623900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55184.623900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55184.623900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37686                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3871002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3871002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2169699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2169699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3908944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57184.623900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57184.623900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2093815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2093815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55184.623900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55184.623900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.723468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2377966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.099453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.723468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3946886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3946886                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               42829                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              42829                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        91702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        91702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  91702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3127872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3127872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3127872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            73049000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          229028000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1682688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1058368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2741056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1682688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1682688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       386816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           386816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            26292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            16537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                42829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6044                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6044                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          129578789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           81501766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              211080556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     129578789                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         129578789                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        29787548                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              29787548                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        29787548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         129578789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          81501766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             240868103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4632.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     26292.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15589.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006640701750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           265                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           265                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                93030                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4345                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        42829                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6044                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      42829                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6044                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     948                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1412                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     426667250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   209405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1211936000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10187.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28937.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     28255                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3737                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  42829                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6044                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    41876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        14497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     205.208802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    140.877191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    216.770428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5850     40.35%     40.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4713     32.51%     72.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1833     12.64%     85.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          678      4.68%     90.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          390      2.69%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          299      2.06%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          204      1.41%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          179      1.23%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          351      2.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         14497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      156.279245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      89.703770                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     432.942650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            230     86.79%     86.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           27     10.19%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            5      1.89%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.75%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.396226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.369976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.944273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                81     30.57%     30.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.13%     31.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               176     66.42%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2680384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    60672                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   295040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2741056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                386816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        206.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         22.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     211.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      29.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12985311000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      265694.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1682688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       997696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       295040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 129578789.309484973550                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 76829596.323808044195                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 22720151.328036122024                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6044                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    775108500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    436827500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 300968114000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29480.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26415.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  49796180.34                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              58362360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              31016535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            182119980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11849400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1024604880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4742032350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         993268320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7043253825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         542.379992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2539179500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    433420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10013229500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              45160500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              23999580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            116910360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12214800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1024604880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4550072310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1154918880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6927881310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         533.495498                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2959193500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    433420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9593215500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           851315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               851315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          851315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              851315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23249                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23249                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1294505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1294505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1294505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1294505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       874564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           874564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       874564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          874564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55680.029249                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55680.029249                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55680.029249                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55680.029249                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1248009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1248009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1248009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1248009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53680.115274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53680.115274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53680.115274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53680.115274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      22992                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          538780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              538780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1007732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1007732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       556668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          556668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56335.644007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56335.644007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    971958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    971958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54335.755814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54335.755814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         312535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             312535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286773000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    286773000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       317896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         317896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53492.445439                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53492.445439                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276051000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276051000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51492.445439                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51492.445439                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.234703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  871551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 22992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.906707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.234703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                897812                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               897812                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42830                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1836622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1094008000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2930630000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1836622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1094008000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2930630000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           61191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          61191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.699940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.699940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69854.784725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66151.167009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68424.702311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69854.784725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66151.167009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68424.702311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784038000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1060934000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2844972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784038000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1060934000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2844972000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.784725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64151.287943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66424.749008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.784725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64151.287943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66424.749008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47066                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1836622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1094008000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2930630000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          61191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.699940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69854.784725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66151.167009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68424.702311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784038000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1060934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2844972000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.784725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64151.287943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66424.749008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.910674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  68582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47066                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.457145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    85.277128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   115.335407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   308.298139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.166557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.225264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.602145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               116769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              116769                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                61191                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               61190                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        54497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  130381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1999872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4428160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            101191000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           116240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16600035000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 238795                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1359012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   477048                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              990706854                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4001118                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7993270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016600                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16600035000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1035141                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4001118                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7993270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      736561                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           369                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      408969                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           148                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5168011                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16600024                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16600024                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5520783                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2508479                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       727901                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204732                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7832309                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7832309                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14935508                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6371091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      735369                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1144153                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     408784                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6674586     83.50%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.05%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.68%     84.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.02%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.40%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.65%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   708811      8.87%     94.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  406791      5.09%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.33%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7993337                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5130062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5130062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5130062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5130062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170210000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2170210000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2170210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5168011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5168011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57187.541174                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57187.541174                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57187.541174                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57187.541174                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55187.541174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55187.541174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55187.541174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55187.541174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5130062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5130062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2170210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5168011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57187.541174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57187.541174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55187.541174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55187.541174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.001398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.001398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5205960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5205960                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               50478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              50478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       108520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       108520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 108520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3714688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3714688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3714688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            88298000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          269540500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1683136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1547456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3230592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1683136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1683136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       484096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           484096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            26299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            24179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                50478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          101393521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           93220044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              194613566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     101393521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         101393521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        29162348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              29162348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        29162348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         101393521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          93220044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             223775914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5864.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     26299.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     23203.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006640701750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           333                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           333                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               110719                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5499                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        50478                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7564                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      50478                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7564                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     976                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1700                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              7016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     483149000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   247510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1411311500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9760.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28510.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     34497                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4821                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  50478                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7564                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    49497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        16014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     221.118521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    148.436822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    236.810299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6103     38.11%     38.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5247     32.77%     70.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2059     12.86%     83.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          771      4.81%     88.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          450      2.81%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          337      2.10%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          237      1.48%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          222      1.39%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          588      3.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         16014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      147.198198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      77.463636                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     395.629881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            287     86.19%     86.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           33      9.91%     96.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           10      3.00%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.60%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.30%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.513514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.490625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.880151                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                82     24.62%     24.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.90%     25.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               243     72.97%     98.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3168128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    62464                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   373248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3230592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                484096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        190.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         22.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     194.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      29.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16595055000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      285914.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1683136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1484992                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       373248                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 101393521.158238530159                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 89457160.783094733953                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 22484771.869456902146                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        24179                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7564                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    775294750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    636016750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 381190293750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29480.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26304.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  50395332.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              61939500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              32914035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            202683180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            13347540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1309797840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5728284540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1550594880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8899561515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         536.117033                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3978311000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    554060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12067664000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              52414740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              27859095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            150761100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            17095500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1309797840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5883650580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1419760320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8861339175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         533.814487                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3634572750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    554060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12411402250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1113315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1113315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1113315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1113315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32148                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32148                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1866068000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1866068000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1866068000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1866068000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1145463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1145463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1145463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1145463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58046.161503                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58046.161503                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58046.161503                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58046.161503                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9865                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9865                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1801774000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801774000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1801774000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801774000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56046.223715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56046.223715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56046.223715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56046.223715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      31891                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          711326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              711326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1487543000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1487543000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          736561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58947.612443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58947.612443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1437075000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1437075000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56947.691698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56947.691698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         401989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             401989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378525000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    378525000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       408902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         408902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54755.533054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54755.533054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    364699000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364699000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52755.533054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52755.533054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.619048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1141643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 31891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.798282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.619048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1177610                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1177610                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19618                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1600862000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3437953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1600862000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3437953000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           70097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          70097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69854.024868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66206.038048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68106.598784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69854.024868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66206.038048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68106.598784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1552504000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3336997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1552504000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3336997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.024868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64206.120761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66106.638404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.024868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64206.120761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66106.638404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55610                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1600862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3437953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          70097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69854.024868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66206.038048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68106.598784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1552504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3336997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.024868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64206.120761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66106.638404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.583290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  79248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.425067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    76.812814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    90.335161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   342.435315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.150025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.176436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.668819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               136084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              136084                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                70097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               70096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9865                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        74160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  150058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2688768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5117504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            119422000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           160735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16600035000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20061391000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 240604                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1359012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   476431                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              965296995                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000255                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9901450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020061                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20061391000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1268540                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000255                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9901450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      920830                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           421                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      511348                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6441515                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20061380                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20061380                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6524013                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3081751                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       854840                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      270250                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9740497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9740497                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18747822                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7943501                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      919638                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1430801                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     511163                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8296126     83.79%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.04%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.55%     84.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.02%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.32%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.53%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   893080      9.02%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  509170      5.14%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.27%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9901525                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6403566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6403566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6403566                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6403566                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170210000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2170210000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2170210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6441515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6441515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57187.541174                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57187.541174                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57187.541174                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57187.541174                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55187.541174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55187.541174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55187.541174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55187.541174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6403566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6403566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2170210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6441515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57187.541174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57187.541174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55187.541174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55187.541174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.173695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.173695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6479464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6479464                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               54938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              54938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       118312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       118312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 118312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4055936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4055936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4055936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            97118000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          293315500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1683136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1832896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3516032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1683136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1683136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       539904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           539904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            26299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            28639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                54938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8436                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8436                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           83899267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           91364353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              175263620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      83899267                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          83899267                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        26912590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              26912590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        26912590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          83899267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          91364353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             202176210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      6493.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     26299.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     27662.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006640701750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           368                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           368                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               121399                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6094                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        54938                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8436                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      54938                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8436                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     977                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1943                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              4219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              7331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     524482750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   269805000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1536251500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9719.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28469.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     37696                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5381                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  54938                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8436                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    53956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        17344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     222.955720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    149.467164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    237.678899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6519     37.59%     37.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5750     33.15%     70.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2164     12.48%     83.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          836      4.82%     88.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          521      3.00%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          418      2.41%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          282      1.63%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          237      1.37%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          617      3.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         17344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          368                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      146.516304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      75.831514                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     381.733926                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            315     85.60%     85.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           36      9.78%     95.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           14      3.80%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.54%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            368                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          368                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.559783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.538444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.849242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                82     22.28%     22.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.82%     23.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               278     75.54%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            368                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3453504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    62528                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   413568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3516032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                539904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        172.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         20.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     175.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      26.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20060149000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      316535.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1683136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1770368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       413568                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 83899267.004964902997                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 88247519.825519576669                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 20615120.855777148157                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        28639                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8436                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    775294750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    760956750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 469499772750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29480.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26570.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  55654311.61                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              68615400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              36462360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            224046060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            15633900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1583312640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6804745500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1973262240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10706078100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         533.665791                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5065647750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    669760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14325983250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              55235040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              29358120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            161235480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            18097740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1583312640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6671381460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2085568800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10604189280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         528.586940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5357856750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    669760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14033774250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1394078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1394078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1394078                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1394078                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38025                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38025                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2218890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2218890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2218890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2218890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1432103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1432103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1432103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1432103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58353.451677                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58353.451677                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58353.451677                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58353.451677                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10988                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10988                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2142842000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2142842000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2142842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2142842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56353.504274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56353.504274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56353.504274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56353.504274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37768                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1795157000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1795157000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       920830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          920830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59357.768740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59357.768740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1734673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1734673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57357.834871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57357.834871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         503491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             503491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    423733000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    423733000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       511273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         511273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54450.398355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54450.398355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    408169000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    408169000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015221                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015221                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52450.398355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52450.398355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.857315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1407923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.278198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.857315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1470127                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1470127                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             54939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            54939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1905667000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3742758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1905667000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3742758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.723129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.723129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69854.024868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66538.652235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68125.703052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69854.024868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66538.652235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68125.703052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1848389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3632882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1848389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3632882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.024868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64538.722067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66125.739456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.024868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64538.722067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66125.739456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     60633                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            54939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1905667000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3742758000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.723129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69854.024868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66538.652235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68125.703052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1848389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3632882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.024868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64538.722067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66125.739456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.000265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  86340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                60633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.423977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.535778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    74.748896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   361.715591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.143625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.145994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.706476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               148107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              148107                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75974                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75973                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10988                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  162935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3136768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5565504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            130914000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           190120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20061391000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23557425000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 239925                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1359012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   472284                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              941988502                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11810944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023557                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23557425000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1502153                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11810944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1105210                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           478                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7715880                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23557414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23557414                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7527843                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3655411                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       981869                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      335794                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11649999                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11649999                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22562558                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9516932                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1104018                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1717639                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613621                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9918790     83.98%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.03%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.46%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.01%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.27%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.44%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1077460      9.12%     94.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  611628      5.18%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.22%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11811027                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7677931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7677931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7677931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7677931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170210000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2170210000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2170210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7715880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7715880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57187.541174                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57187.541174                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57187.541174                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57187.541174                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55187.541174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55187.541174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55187.541174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55187.541174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7677931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7677931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2170210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7715880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57187.541174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57187.541174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55187.541174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55187.541174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.296323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.296323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7753829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7753829                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               59598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              59598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       128431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       128431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 128431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4405312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4405312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4405312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           105773000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          318082750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1683136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2131136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3814272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1683136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1683136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       591040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           591040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            26299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            33299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                59598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9235                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9235                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           71448216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           90465575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              161913792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      71448216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          71448216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        25089330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              25089330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        25089330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          71448216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          90465575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             187003121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7115.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     26299.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     32300.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006640701750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           403                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           403                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               132372                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6689                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        59598                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9235                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      59598                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9235                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     999                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              4485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              7639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     566993000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   292995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1665724250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9675.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28425.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     41197                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5942                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  59598                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9235                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    58594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        18549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     226.623969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    152.134409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    239.104335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6703     36.14%     36.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6358     34.28%     70.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2247     12.11%     82.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          901      4.86%     87.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          605      3.26%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          502      2.71%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          332      1.79%     95.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          264      1.42%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          637      3.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         18549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      144.610422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      74.346073                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     368.566747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            346     85.86%     85.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           37      9.18%     95.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           17      4.22%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.50%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          403                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.598015                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.578056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.820870                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                82     20.35%     20.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.74%     21.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               313     77.67%     98.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            403                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3750336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    63936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   453888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3814272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                591040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        159.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     161.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      25.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23556959000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      342233.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1683136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2067200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       453888                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 71448216.432823196054                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 87751526.323441550136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19267301.073865246028                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        33299                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9235                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    775294750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    890429500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 540553582500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29480.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26740.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  58533143.75                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              72456720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              38504070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            237833400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            18865080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1859286000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7720102800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2544912000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12491960070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         530.276975                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6543186500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    786500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16227738500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              60004560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              31889385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            180563460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            18155160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1859286000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7805112030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2473325280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12428335875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         527.576162                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6355127750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    786500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16415797250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1673334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1673334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1673334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1673334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          45599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              45599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         45599                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             45599                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2607682000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2607682000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2607682000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2607682000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1718933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1718933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1718933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1718933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57187.262879                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57187.262879                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57187.262879                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57187.262879                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12210                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12210                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         45599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2516486000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2516486000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2516486000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2516486000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55187.306739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55187.306739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55187.306739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55187.306739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      45342                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1068158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1068158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         37052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             37052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2138436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2138436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1105210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1105210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57714.455360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57714.455360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2064334000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2064334000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55714.509338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55714.509338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469246000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    469246000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54901.836902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54901.836902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452152000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452152000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52901.836902                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52901.836902                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.026895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1714171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 45342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.805368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.026895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1764531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1764531                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               23949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          12299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              23949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2222787000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4059878000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2222787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4059878000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           83548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          83548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.713350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.713350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69854.024868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66750.360360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68119.901341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69854.024868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66750.360360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68119.901341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9235                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9235                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2156189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3940682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2156189000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3940682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.024868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64750.420420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66119.934898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.024868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64750.420420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66119.934898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     65800                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          12299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              23949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2222787000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4059878000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          83548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.713350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69854.024868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66750.360360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68119.901341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2156189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3940682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.024868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64750.420420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66119.934898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.297035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  95057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                65800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.444635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    70.383992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    63.655804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   376.257239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.137469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.124328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.734877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               162070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              162070                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                83548                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               83547                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12210                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  179305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3699712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6128448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            144598000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           227990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23557425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                27426020000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 232708                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1359144                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   456097                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              911738117                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13719828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.027426                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27426020000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1730731                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13719828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1303196                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           608                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      731970                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           181                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8964849                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         27426020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   27426020                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8458934                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4214453                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1108417                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      394300                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13558882                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13558882                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26354165                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11079073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1302005                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2033790                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     731785                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30679      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11511522     83.90%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.03%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.39%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.01%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.23%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.38%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1275447      9.30%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  729792      5.32%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.19%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13719911                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8926893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8926893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8926893                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8926893                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37956                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37956                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2170724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2170724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8964849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8964849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57190.536411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57190.536411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57190.536411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57190.536411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094812000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094812000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55190.536411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55190.536411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55190.536411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55190.536411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37700                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8926893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8926893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170724000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2170724000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8964849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57190.536411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57190.536411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55190.536411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55190.536411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.395580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8964849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                236.190563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.395580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9002805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9002805                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               69734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              69734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       151350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       151350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 151350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5223424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      5223424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5223424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           129144000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          372003000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1683584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2779392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4462976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1683584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1683584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       760448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           760448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            26306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            43428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                69734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         11882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               11882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           61386377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          101341427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              162727804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      61386377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          61386377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        27727246                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              27727246                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        27727246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          61386377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         101341427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             190455050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      9577.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     26306.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     42360.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006640701750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           546                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           546                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               156087                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                9012                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        69734                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       11882                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      69734                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     11882                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1068                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2305                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               3307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               4179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              8931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              5221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              8404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     656456500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   343330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1943944000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9560.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28310.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     48814                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     8168                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  69734                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 11882                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    68661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        21236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     235.723488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    156.199479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    248.212101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7580     35.69%     35.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7038     33.14%     68.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2560     12.06%     80.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1154      5.43%     86.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          738      3.48%     89.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          616      2.90%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          396      1.86%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          315      1.48%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          839      3.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         21236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      125.653846                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      66.040303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     321.866431                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            479     87.73%     87.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           47      8.61%     96.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           17      3.11%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.37%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.18%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          546                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.501832                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.478983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.878383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               137     25.09%     25.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.55%     25.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               401     73.44%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      0.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            546                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4394624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    68352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   611584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4462976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                760448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        160.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         22.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     162.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      27.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    27425759000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      336034.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1683584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2711040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       611584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 61386376.878599233925                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 98849195.034496441483                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 22299407.642815109342                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        43428                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        11882                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    775481000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1168463000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 637712510250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29479.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26905.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  53670468.80                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              85030260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              45183270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            277339020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            30249900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2164762080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9282386160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2714845440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14599796130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         532.333752                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6970741250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    915720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19539558750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              66623340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              35407350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            212936220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            19632420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2164762080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9137224260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2837087040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14473672710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         527.735075                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7285126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    915720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19225174000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1978470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1978470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1978470                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1978470                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         56613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             56613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3367568000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3367568000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3367568000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3367568000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2035083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2035083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2035083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2035083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59484.005440                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59484.005440                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59484.005440                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59484.005440                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15155                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15155                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3254342000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3254342000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3254342000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3254342000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57484.005440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57484.005440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57484.005440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57484.005440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      56357                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1255406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1255406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         47790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             47790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2889562000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2889562000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1303196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1303196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60463.737184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60463.737184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2793982000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2793982000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58463.737184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58463.737184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         723064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             723064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478006000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    478006000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54177.263969                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54177.263969                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460360000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460360000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52177.263969                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52177.263969                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.164157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2035083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 56613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.947274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.164157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2091696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2091696                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24835                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             69734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            69734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2908528000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4746088000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2908528000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4746088000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           94569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          94569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.737388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.737388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69853.265415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66973.565442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68059.884705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69853.265415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66973.565442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68059.884705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2821672000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4606620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2821672000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4606620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67853.265415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64973.565442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66059.884705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67853.265415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64973.565442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66059.884705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     77993                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            69734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2908528000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4746088000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          94569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.737388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69853.265415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66973.565442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68059.884705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2821672000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4606620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67853.265415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64973.565442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66059.884705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.537248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 109724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                78505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.397669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.131187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    54.740391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   383.665670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.140881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.106915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.749347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               188229                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              188229                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                94569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               94569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15155                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       128381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  204293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4593152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2429184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7022336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189780000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            170344000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           283065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27426020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
