
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4837633000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 239783                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1290872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   469724                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     4.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1158022394                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1001615                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1962240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004838                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4837633000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            219593                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1001615                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1962240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      183789                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            34                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      130488                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            88                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332407                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            88                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4837622                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4837622                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1246352                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              642391                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       168188                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  83572                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         83572                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               124680                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65241                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28436                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1901556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1901556                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3676337                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1565301                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      182966                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313344                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     130378                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15545      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1561112     79.56%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1606      0.08%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     13111      0.67%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1142      0.06%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      504      0.03%     81.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16729      0.85%     82.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     82.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13512      0.69%     82.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15880      0.81%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    848      0.04%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                4055      0.21%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1622      0.08%     83.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2433      0.12%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                811      0.04%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   161176      8.21%     92.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  126788      6.46%     98.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               21790      1.11%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               3590      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1962254                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    33                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1303797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1303797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1303797                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1303797                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          28610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              28610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         28610                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             28610                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1177609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1177609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1177609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1177609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41160.747990                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41160.747990                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41160.747990                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41160.747990                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         28610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1120391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1120391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1120391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1120391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39160.817896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39160.817896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39160.817896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39160.817896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28353                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1303797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1303797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         28610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             28610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1177609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1177609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41160.747990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41160.747990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1120391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1120391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39160.817896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39160.817896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.694293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1092047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.516101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.694293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.983181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1361016                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1361016                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               17023                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17023                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        37939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        37939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  37939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1338624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1338624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1338624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            36488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           90986750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          801152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          288320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1089472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       801152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         801152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       249152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           249152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            12518                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                17023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3893                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3893                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          165608263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           59599395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              225207658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     165608263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         165608263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        51502873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              51502873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        51502873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         165608263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          59599395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             276710532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3612.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     12518.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4352.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001000780500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           209                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           209                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                38743                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3385                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        17023                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3893                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      17023                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3893                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     153                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    281                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     159806750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    84350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                476119250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9472.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28222.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11444                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2981                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  17023                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3893                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     217.075775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.979083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    238.982163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2524     41.85%     41.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1715     28.44%     70.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          801     13.28%     83.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          311      5.16%     88.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          228      3.78%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           75      1.24%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           56      0.93%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           64      1.06%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          257      4.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          209                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       79.090909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      30.620538                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     168.413172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             166     79.43%     79.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            19      9.09%     88.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            3      1.44%     89.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.96%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      1.91%     92.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      1.91%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      1.44%     96.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            2      0.96%     97.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            1      0.48%     97.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.48%     98.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.48%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.48%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            209                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.157895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.123113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.095861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                95     45.45%     45.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               102     48.80%     94.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                10      4.78%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.96%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1079680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     9792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   229504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1089472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                249152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        223.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         47.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     225.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      51.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4831160000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      230979.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       801152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       278528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       229504                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 165608263.380045562983                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 57575264.597376443446                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 47441383.006937481463                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        12518                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4505                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3893                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    355778750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    120340500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 110710431000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28421.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26712.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  28438333.16                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              23183580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12322365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             66387720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             8795700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      381691440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1802587380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         339683040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2634651225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         544.615771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    866784000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    161460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3809389000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19877760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10565280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             54064080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9923220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      381691440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1803843660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         338625120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2618590560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         541.295828                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    863596000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    161460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3812577000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           307382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               307382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          307386                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              307386                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6877                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6877                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    358038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    358038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    363487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       314182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           314182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52652.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52652.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52855.460230                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52855.460230                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4964                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4964                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    344438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    349733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50652.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50652.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50855.460230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50855.460230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6621                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          181679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              181679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     83774000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83774000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       183708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          183708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41288.319369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41288.319369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     79716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39288.319369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39288.319369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4771                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4771                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274264000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    274264000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       130474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         130474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036567                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.036567                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57485.642423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57485.642423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264722000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264722000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036567                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036567                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55485.642423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55485.642423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5449000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5449000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5295000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5295000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.438647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  295704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 44.661531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.438647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.978276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                321140                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               321140                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           16091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          16091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2372                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18463                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             17024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12519                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4505                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            17024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    860937000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1161401000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    860937000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1161401000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        28610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        28610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.437574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.655082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.479725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.437574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.655082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.479725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68770.428948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66695.671476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68221.393327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68770.428948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66695.671476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68221.393327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3893                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3893                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    835901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291454000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    835901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291454000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127355000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.437574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.655082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.437574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.655082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66770.588705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64695.671476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66221.510808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66770.588705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64695.671476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66221.510808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18650                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          16091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            17024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    860937000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300464000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1161401000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        28610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.437574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.655082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.479725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68770.428948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66695.671476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68221.393327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    835901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291454000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.437574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.655082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66770.588705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64695.671476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66221.510808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4964                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4964                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4964                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4964                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.261065                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  33464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.794316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    74.846307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   185.480919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   242.933840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.146184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.362267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.474480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59613                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59613                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35487                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35486                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4964                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   75937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       757824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1830976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2588800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           143045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60307000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            34385000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 9651259000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 199634                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   395539                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              963301193                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000071                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3962866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.009651                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9651259000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            444726                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000071                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3962866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      376372                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            34                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      248068                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           106                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2651804                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            88                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          9651248                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    9651248                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2536942                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1281196                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       337769                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 194066                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        194066                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               290122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              151891                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       58484                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3823500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3823500                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7394287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3159459                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      374543                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        622359                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     247816                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34694      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3139996     79.24%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2867      0.07%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     30057      0.76%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2598      0.07%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1156      0.03%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    37140      0.94%     81.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    30544      0.77%     82.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   35853      0.90%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1953      0.05%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               10760      0.27%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                4304      0.11%     84.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               6456      0.16%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2152      0.05%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   323056      8.15%     92.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  239607      6.05%     98.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51487      1.30%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               8209      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3962889                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2587920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2587920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2587920                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2587920                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          63884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              63884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         63884                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             63884                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2566152000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2566152000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2566152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2566152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2651804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2651804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2651804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2651804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40168.931188                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40168.931188                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40168.931188                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40168.931188                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         63884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2438386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2438386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2438386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2438386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38168.962495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38168.962495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38168.962495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38168.962495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      63627                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2587920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2587920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         63884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             63884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2566152000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2566152000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2651804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2651804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40168.931188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40168.931188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2438386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2438386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38168.962495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38168.962495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.841791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2152459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 63627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.829333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.841791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2715687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2715687                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               32971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              32971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        71074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        71074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  71074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2438592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2438592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2438592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            58631000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          176351250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1725952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          384192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2110144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1725952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1725952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       328448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           328448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            26968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                32971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          178831798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           39807449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              218639247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     178831798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         178831798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        34031622                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              34031622                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        34031622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         178831798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          39807449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             252670869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     26968.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5699.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001353228500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           264                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           264                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                72774                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4297                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        32971                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5132                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      32971                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5132                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     304                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    560                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              4947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     312512500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   163335000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                925018750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9566.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28316.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     21695                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3766                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  32971                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5132                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    32667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        11748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     202.677562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    136.402173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    222.405199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5080     43.24%     43.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3438     29.26%     72.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1471     12.52%     85.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          610      5.19%     90.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          450      3.83%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          118      1.00%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           79      0.67%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          109      0.93%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          393      3.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         11748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      121.746212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      41.965821                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     231.084762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             187     70.83%     70.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            30     11.36%     82.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      1.89%     84.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      1.14%     85.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      1.89%     87.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      1.14%     88.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            6      2.27%     90.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      1.52%     92.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            4      1.52%     93.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      1.14%     94.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            3      1.14%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            2      0.76%     96.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.38%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.38%     97.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            3      1.14%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.76%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.38%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          264                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.227273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.192384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.096770                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               112     42.42%     42.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.38%     42.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               132     50.00%     92.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      6.44%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            264                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2090688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    19456                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   291072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2110144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                328448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        216.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         30.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     218.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      34.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9649832000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      253256.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1725952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       364736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       291072                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 178831798.006871432066                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 37791546.159936226904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 30158966.824949987233                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        26968                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6003                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5132                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    762002750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    163016000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 226897632750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28255.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27155.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  44212321.27                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              44403660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              23589720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            129069780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             9270720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      761538960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3498025020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         760378560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5226276420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         541.512400                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1945360500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    322140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7383758500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              39519900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              20993940                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            104172600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            14469840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      761538960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3592186170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         681084960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5213966370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         540.236913                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1737595500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    322140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7591523500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           613237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               613237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          613245                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              613245                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          11095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              11095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         11172                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             11172                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    511175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    511175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    516624000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    516624000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       624332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           624332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       624417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          624417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46072.555205                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46072.555205                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46242.749731                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46242.749731                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    488985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    494280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    494280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44072.555205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44072.555205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44242.749731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44242.749731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      10916                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          372127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              372127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       376287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          376287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38255.048077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38255.048077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    150821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36255.048077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36255.048077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         241110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             241110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    352034000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    352034000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       248045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         248045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027959                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.027959                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50761.932228                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50761.932228                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    338164000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    338164000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027959                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027959                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48761.932228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48761.932228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5449000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5449000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           85                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            85                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.905882                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.905882                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5295000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5295000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.905882                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.905882                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.212407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  605722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 10916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 55.489373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.212407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                635589                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               635589                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           36915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               42084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          36915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5169                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              42084                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             32972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26969                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            32972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1850225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    402119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2252344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1850225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    402119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2252344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        63884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        63884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.439299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.439299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68605.621269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66986.340163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68310.809171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68605.621269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66986.340163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68310.809171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5132                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5132                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1796289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2186402000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1796289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2186402000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66605.695428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64986.340163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66310.869829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66605.695428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64986.340163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66310.869829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     35550                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          36915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              42084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            32972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1850225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    402119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2252344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        63884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.439299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68605.621269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66986.340163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68310.809171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1796289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2186402000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66605.695428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64986.340163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66310.869829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.619664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  76244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                35550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.144698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.877443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   187.854922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   223.887299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.187261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.366904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.437280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               118399                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              118399                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75056                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75055                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       127767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  157392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1180992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4088512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5269504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           319415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            111461000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            55860000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14467696000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 194226                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   386142                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    15.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              936625993                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000072                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5964562                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014468                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14467696000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            669813                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000072                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5964562                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      569404                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      366230                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           124                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3973366                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14467685                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14467685                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3827874                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1920226                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       507329                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 304914                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        304914                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               455960                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              238801                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88560                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5746482                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5746482                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11115256                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4753514                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      566575                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        932412                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     365837                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 53758      0.90%      0.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4719149     79.12%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4128      0.07%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     46839      0.79%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4041      0.07%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1802      0.03%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    57562      0.97%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    47460      0.80%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   55672      0.93%     83.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   3040      0.05%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               17605      0.30%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                7042      0.12%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              10563      0.18%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               3521      0.06%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   485187      8.13%     92.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  352859      5.92%     98.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               81388      1.36%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              12978      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5964594                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3874346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3874346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3874346                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3874346                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          99020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              99020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         99020                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             99020                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3948056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3948056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3948056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3948056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3973366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3973366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3973366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3973366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39871.298728                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39871.298728                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39871.298728                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39871.298728                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3750018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3750018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3750018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3750018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37871.318925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37871.318925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37871.318925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37871.318925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      98763                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3874346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3874346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         99020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             99020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3948056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3948056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3973366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3973366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39871.298728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39871.298728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3750018000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3750018000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37871.318925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37871.318925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.560280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3246527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 98763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.871895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.560280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4072385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4072385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               48919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              48919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       104265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       104265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 104265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3542144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3542144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3542144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            81054000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          261666000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2647488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          483328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3130816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2647488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2647488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       411328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           411328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            41367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                48919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6427                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6427                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          182993063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           33407393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              216400455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     182993063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         182993063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        28430788                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              28430788                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        28430788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         182993063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          33407393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             244831243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5604.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     41367.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7109.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001353228500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           325                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           325                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               106890                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5270                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        48919                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6427                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      48919                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6427                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     443                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    823                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               5487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             10471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              7521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     463011000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   242380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1371936000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9551.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28301.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32065                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4607                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  48919                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6427                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    48476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        17386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     198.994133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.832167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    217.381046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7581     43.60%     43.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5103     29.35%     72.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2141     12.31%     85.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          935      5.38%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          670      3.85%     94.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          165      0.95%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          107      0.62%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          134      0.77%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          550      3.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         17386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      147.156923                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      51.880456                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     251.303042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             209     64.31%     64.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            47     14.46%     78.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6      1.85%     80.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      0.92%     81.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      1.85%     83.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      1.85%     85.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      2.77%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      1.85%     89.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      1.54%     91.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            4      1.23%     92.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            4      1.23%     93.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            3      0.92%     94.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      1.23%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      1.23%     97.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      1.23%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.62%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      0.62%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.175385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.141392                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.081556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               143     44.00%     44.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.92%     44.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               160     49.23%     94.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      5.23%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3102464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    28352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   357248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3130816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                411328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        214.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         24.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     216.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      28.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14463461000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      261328.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2647488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       454976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       357248                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 182993062.613425105810                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 31447716.346818454564                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 24692805.267680492252                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        41367                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7552                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6427                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1165302750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    206633250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 346463771250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28169.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27361.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  53907541.82                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              66052140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              35107545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            194293680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10450440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1142001120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5281522530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1107997440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7837424895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         541.718937                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2833234500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    483080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11151381500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              58083900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              30872325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            151824960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            18687600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1142001120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5382370350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1023072960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7806913215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         539.609985                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2610202000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    483080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11374414000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           920082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               920082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          920094                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              920094                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15508                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15508                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    667527000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    667527000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    672976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    672976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       935513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           935513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       935602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          935602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43258.829629                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43258.829629                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43395.408821                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43395.408821                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9618                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9618                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    636665000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    636665000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    641960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    641960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41258.829629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41258.829629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41395.408821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41395.408821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15252                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          563005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              563005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    237863000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    237863000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       569315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          569315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37696.196513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37696.196513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225243000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225243000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35696.196513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35696.196513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         357077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             357077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    429664000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    429664000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       366198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         366198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.024907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47107.115448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47107.115448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    411422000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    411422000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45107.115448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45107.115448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            12                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                12                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5449000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5449000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           89                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            89                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865169                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.865169                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5295000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5295000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865169                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.865169                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.140424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  901985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 59.138801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.140424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                951110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               951110                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           57652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               65608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          57652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7956                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              65608                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         41368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        41368                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7552                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2834513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506857000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3341370000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2834513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506857000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3341370000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        99020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          114528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        99020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         114528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.427144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.427144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68519.459486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67115.598517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68302.739166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68519.459486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67115.598517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68302.739166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6427                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6427                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2751779000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    491753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3243532000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2751779000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    491753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3243532000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66519.507832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65115.598517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66302.780049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66519.507832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65115.598517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66302.780049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     52388                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          57652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              65608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        41368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2834513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506857000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3341370000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        99020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         114528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.427144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68519.459486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67115.598517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68302.739166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2751779000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    491753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3243532000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66519.507832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65115.598517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66302.780049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9618                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9618                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9618                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9618                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.077920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 117263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                52388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.238356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.085262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   188.070545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   225.922114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.185713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.367325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.441254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               177046                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              177046                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               114528                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              114527                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9618                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       198039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  238673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1608064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6337216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7945280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           495095000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            162618000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            77540000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19289730000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 185557                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   369500                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              894820671                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000022                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7965311                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19289730000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            894736                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7965311                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      762813                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      483946                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5294795                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19289719                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19289719                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5119095                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2559258                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       676842                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 417229                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        417229                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               624382                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              327004                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      118499                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7667605                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7667605                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14832025                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6345593                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      758988                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1242400                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     483412                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72791      0.91%      0.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6296604     79.05%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5381      0.07%     80.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     63532      0.80%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5486      0.07%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2450      0.03%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    77952      0.98%     81.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    64380      0.81%     82.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   75507      0.95%     83.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4134      0.05%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               24880      0.31%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9952      0.12%     84.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              14928      0.19%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               4976      0.06%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   647181      8.12%     92.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  465665      5.85%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              111807      1.40%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17747      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7965353                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    38                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5160755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5160755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5160755                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5160755                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         134040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             134040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        134040                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            134040                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5331983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5331983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5331983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5331983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5294795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5294795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5294795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5294795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39779.043569                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39779.043569                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39779.043569                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39779.043569                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       134040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        134040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       134040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       134040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5063905000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5063905000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5063905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5063905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37779.058490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37779.058490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37779.058490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37779.058490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     133783                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5160755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5160755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        134040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            134040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5331983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5331983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5294795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5294795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39779.043569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39779.043569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       134040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       134040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5063905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5063905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37779.058490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37779.058490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.920180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4315724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                133783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.259136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.920180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5428834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5428834                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               64892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              64892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7758                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       137542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       137542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 137542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4649600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4649600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4649600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           103682000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          347141500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3568704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          584384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4153088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3568704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3568704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       496512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           496512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            55761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                64892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7758                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7758                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          185005389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           30295084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              215300473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     185005389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         185005389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        25739707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              25739707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        25739707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         185005389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          30295084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             241040180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      6683.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     55761.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8550.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001353228500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           388                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           388                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               141089                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6286                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        64892                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7758                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      64892                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7758                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     581                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1075                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               7261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               7964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             14152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             10244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     617533250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   321555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1823364500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9602.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28352.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     42403                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5484                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  64892                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7758                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    64311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        23076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     196.781418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    133.776721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    214.675529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10123     43.87%     43.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6798     29.46%     73.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2793     12.10%     85.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1248      5.41%     90.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          901      3.90%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          200      0.87%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          140      0.61%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          183      0.79%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          690      2.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         23076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      165.675258                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      60.583075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     264.263498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             232     59.79%     59.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            62     15.98%     75.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      1.80%     77.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      1.29%     78.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      1.80%     80.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           11      2.84%     83.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           11      2.84%     86.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            7      1.80%     88.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      2.06%     90.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            6      1.55%     91.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            5      1.29%     93.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            3      0.77%     93.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            5      1.29%     95.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      1.55%     96.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      1.55%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            1      0.26%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.52%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.26%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.162371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.128644                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.076854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               172     44.33%     44.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      1.29%     45.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               189     48.71%     94.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                20      5.15%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4115904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    37184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   426176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4153088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                496512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        213.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         22.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     215.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      25.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19289624000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      265514.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3568704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       547200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       426176                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 185005388.877915859222                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 28367426.604726970196                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 22093414.474956359714                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        55761                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9131                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7758                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1572487500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    250877000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 467265690000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28200.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27475.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  60230174.01                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              88450320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              46989690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            260838480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            13671180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1522463280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7079495190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1445576160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10457484300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         542.127044                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3694749250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    644020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14950960750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              76362300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              40583730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            198342060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            21088800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1522463280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7184085060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1357500480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10400425710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         539.169066                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3463153250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    644020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15182556750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1226678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1226678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1226694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1226694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         20023                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             20023                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    828154000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    828154000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    833618000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    833618000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1246623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1246623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1246717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1246717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41521.885184                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41521.885184                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41633.022025                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41633.022025                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12071                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12071                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    788264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    788264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    793572000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    793572000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39521.885184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39521.885184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39633.022025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39633.022025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19767                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          754163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              754163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    317715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    317715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       762719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          762719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37133.590463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37133.590463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    300603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35133.590463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35133.590463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         472515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             472515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    510439000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    510439000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       483904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         483904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.023536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44818.596892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44818.596892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487661000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    487661000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023536                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023536                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42818.596892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42818.596892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5464000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5464000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           94                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            94                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.829787                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.829787                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5308000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5308000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.829787                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829787                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.605279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1224164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 61.929681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.605279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1266740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1266740                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           78278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               89170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          78278                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10892                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              89170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         55762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             64893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        55762                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9131                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            64893                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3822502000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    613455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4435957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3822502000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    613455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4435957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       134040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          154063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       134040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         154063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.416010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.421211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.416010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.421211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68550.303074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67183.769576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68358.020125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68550.303074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67183.769576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68358.020125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7758                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7758                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3710980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    595193000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4306173000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3710980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    595193000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4306173000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.416010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.416010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66550.338940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65183.769576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66358.050945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66550.338940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65183.769576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66358.050945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     69284                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          78278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              89170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        55762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            64893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3822502000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    613455000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4435957000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       134040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         154063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.416010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.421211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68550.303074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67183.769576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68358.020125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3710980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    595193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4306173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.416010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66550.338940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65183.769576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66358.050945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12071                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12071                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12071                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12071                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.808380                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 162088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                69284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.339472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.772500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   187.560122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   233.475758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.173384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.366328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.456007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               235930                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              235930                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               154063                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              154062                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12071                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        52117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       268079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  320196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2054016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8578496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10632512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           670195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            214418000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           100115000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19289730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24120319000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 192042                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   382917                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              926409346                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9969736                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024120                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24120319000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1120256                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9969736                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      955378                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      602092                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           162                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6616383                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24120308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24120308                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6411735                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3199146                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       846675                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 526856                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        526856                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               788157                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              412838                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      148680                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9593898                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9593898                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18558474                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7943410                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      950543                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1551957                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     601414                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 92008      0.92%      0.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7879272     79.03%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     6639      0.07%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     80435      0.81%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    6946      0.07%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     3102      0.03%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    98466      0.99%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    81480      0.82%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   95563      0.96%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5235      0.05%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               31220      0.31%     84.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               12488      0.13%     84.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              18732      0.19%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               6244      0.06%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   809383      8.12%     92.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  579022      5.81%     98.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              141160      1.42%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              22392      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9969787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6446871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6446871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6446871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6446871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         169512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             169512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        169512                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            169512                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6729958000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6729958000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6729958000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6729958000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6616383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6616383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6616383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6616383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39701.956204                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39701.956204                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39701.956204                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39701.956204                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       169512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        169512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       169512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       169512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6390936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6390936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6390936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6390936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37701.968002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37701.968002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37701.968002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37701.968002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     169255                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6446871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6446871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        169512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            169512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6729958000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6729958000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6616383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6616383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39701.956204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39701.956204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       169512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       169512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6390936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6390936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37701.968002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37701.968002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.136436                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5386700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                169255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.825943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.136436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6785894                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6785894                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               80909                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              80909                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       170854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       170854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 170854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5756480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      5756480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5756480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           126089000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          432909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         4498432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          679744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             5178176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      4498432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        4498432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       578304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           578304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            70288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                80909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9036                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9036                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          186499689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           28181385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              214681074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     186499689                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         186499689                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        23975802                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              23975802                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        23975802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         186499689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          28181385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             238656877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7721.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     70288.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9910.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001353228500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           448                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           448                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               175346                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7266                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        80909                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9036                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      80909                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9036                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     711                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1315                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               9071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             17802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              4338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     775548500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   400990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2279261000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9670.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28420.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     52680                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     6312                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  80909                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9036                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    80198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        28892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     194.651530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.897487                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    211.871025                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         12707     43.98%     43.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8597     29.76%     73.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3449     11.94%     85.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1550      5.36%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1132      3.92%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          240      0.83%     95.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          171      0.59%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          221      0.76%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          825      2.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         28892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      178.334821                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      67.556048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     270.014830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             251     56.03%     56.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            80     17.86%     73.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      1.79%     75.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      1.56%     77.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      1.79%     79.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           12      2.68%     81.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           13      2.90%     84.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           10      2.23%     86.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      2.01%     88.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      2.23%     91.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      1.56%     92.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            4      0.89%     93.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      1.34%     94.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      1.56%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      1.56%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            2      0.45%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.45%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.22%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      0.45%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.22%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.22%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.178571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.144988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.074115                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               195     43.53%     43.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      1.34%     44.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               221     49.33%     94.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                24      5.36%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 5132672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    45504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   492544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  5178176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                578304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        212.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         20.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     214.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      23.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24120054000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      268164.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      4498432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       634240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       492544                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 186499689.328321069479                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26294842.949630971998                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 20420293.778038341552                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        70288                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10621                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9036                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1982761750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    296499250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 581597662750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28209.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27916.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  64364504.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             110263020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              58583415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            323799000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            15618240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1903540080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8783533560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1865543040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13060880355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         541.488707                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4771329500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    805220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18543769500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              96097260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              51061725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            248814720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            24554880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1903540080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8988730710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1692745440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13005544815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         539.194561                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4318179250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    805220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18996919750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1533154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1533154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1533174                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1533174                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24245                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24245                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    983091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    983091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    988555000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    988555000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1557321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1557321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1557419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1557419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40679.066496                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40679.066496                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40773.561559                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40773.561559                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           14354                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 14354                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    934757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    934757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    940065000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    940065000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38679.066496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38679.066496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38773.561559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38773.561559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23989                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          944646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              944646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         10634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             10634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394150000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    394150000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       955280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          955280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37065.074290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37065.074290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    372882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    372882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35065.074290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35065.074290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         588508                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             588508                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    588941000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    588941000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       602041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         602041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022479                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.022479                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43518.879775                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43518.879775                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    561875000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    561875000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022479                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022479                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41518.879775                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41518.879775                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            20                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                20                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5464000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5464000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.795918                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.795918                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5308000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5308000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.795918                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.795918                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.884601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1542992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 64.320814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.884601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1581664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1581664                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           99223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              112847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          99223                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13624                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             112847                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         70289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             80910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        70289                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10621                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            80910                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4818961000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5536916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4818961000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5536916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       169512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          193757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       169512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         193757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.414655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.438070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.417585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.414655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.438070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.417585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68559.248247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67597.683834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68433.024348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68559.248247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67597.683834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68433.024348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9036                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9036                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        70289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        70289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4678385000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    696713000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5375098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4678385000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    696713000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5375098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.414655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.438070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.414655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.438070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66559.276700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65597.683834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66433.049067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66559.276700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65597.683834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66433.049067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     86176                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          99223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             112847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        70289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            80910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4818961000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5536916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       169512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         193757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.414655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.438070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.417585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68559.248247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67597.683834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68433.024348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        70289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4678385000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    696713000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5375098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.414655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.438070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66559.276700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65597.683834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66433.049067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14354                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14354                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14354                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14354                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.247297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 203355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                86176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.359764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    82.220081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   187.851491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   240.175725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.160586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.366897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.469093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               294799                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              294799                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               193757                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              193756                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         14354                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       339023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  401867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2470336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     10848704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13319040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           847555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            265527000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           121225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24120319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28951605000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 188695                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   376619                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    31.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              910464817                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000194                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11975986                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028952                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28951605000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1346108                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000194                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11975986                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1147390                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      720599                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7938514                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28951594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28951594                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7705362                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3839776                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1016720                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 634814                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        634814                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               949068                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497220                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      178960                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11522940                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11522940                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22290052                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9544152                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1141539                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1861317                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     719778                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                111320      0.93%      0.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9464737     79.03%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     7895      0.07%     80.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     97421      0.81%     80.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    8414      0.07%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     3762      0.03%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   119081      0.99%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    98662      0.82%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  115700      0.97%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   6347      0.05%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               36995      0.31%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               14798      0.12%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              22197      0.19%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               7399      0.06%     84.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   971683      8.11%     92.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  692806      5.78%     98.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              169856      1.42%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              26972      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11976045                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    40                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7733265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7733265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7733265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7733265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         205249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             205249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        205249                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            205249                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8135543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8135543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8135543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8135543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7938514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7938514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7938514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7938514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39637.430633                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39637.430633                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39637.430633                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39637.430633                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       205249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        205249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       205249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7725047000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7725047000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7725047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7725047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37637.440377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37637.440377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37637.440377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37637.440377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     204992                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7733265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7733265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        205249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            205249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8135543000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8135543000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7938514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7938514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39637.430633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39637.430633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       205249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       205249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7725047000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7725047000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37637.440377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37637.440377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.280543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6426878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                204992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.351848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.280543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8143762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8143762                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               96902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              96902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10243                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       204047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       204047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 204047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6857280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6857280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6857280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           148117000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          518489000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         5430592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          771136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6201728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      5430592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        5430592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       655552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           655552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            84853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                96902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         10243                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               10243                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          187574817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           26635345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              214210162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     187574817                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         187574817                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        22643028                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              22643028                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        22643028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         187574817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          26635345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             236853190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      8680.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     84853.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11223.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001353228500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           504                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           504                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               209516                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                8167                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        96902                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       10243                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      96902                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     10243                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     826                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1563                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              10993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               4510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             21483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             15503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     930614000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   480380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2732039000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9686.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28436.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     63037                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     7101                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  96902                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 10243                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    96076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        34584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     193.789498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.462974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    210.916915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         15255     44.11%     44.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10305     29.80%     73.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4094     11.84%     85.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1860      5.38%     91.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1356      3.92%     95.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          276      0.80%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          200      0.58%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          268      0.77%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          970      2.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         34584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          504                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      189.650794                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      73.599146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     275.381119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             269     53.37%     53.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            95     18.85%     72.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            9      1.79%     74.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      1.39%     75.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            9      1.79%     77.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           14      2.78%     79.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           17      3.37%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           12      2.38%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           11      2.18%     87.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           13      2.58%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      1.39%     91.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      1.19%     93.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      1.79%     94.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            8      1.59%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      1.59%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            2      0.40%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.40%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.20%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      0.60%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.20%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.20%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            504                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          504                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.162698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.129417                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.068860                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               222     44.05%     44.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 7      1.39%     45.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               248     49.21%     94.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                25      4.96%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            504                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6148864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    52864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   553600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6201728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                655552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        212.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     214.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      22.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28950192000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      270196.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      5430592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       718272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       553600                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 187574816.663877546787                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24809401.758555356413                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19121565.108393818140                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        84853                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12049                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        10243                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   2395509750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    336529250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 694394997500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28231.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27930.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  67792150.49                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             131668740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              69972210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            387652020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            16046280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2285231520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       10497832500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2277136320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         15665539590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         541.093994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5825966500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    966680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  22158958500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             115289580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              61274070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            298330620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            29106720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2285231520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       10804075260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2019247680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15612555450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         539.263901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5150414250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    966680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  22834510750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1839463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1839463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1839487                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1839487                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          28365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              28365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         28443                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             28443                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1130265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1130265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1135729000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1135729000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1867828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1867828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1867930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1867930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39847.170809                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39847.170809                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39930.000352                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39930.000352                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16655                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16655                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         28365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1073535000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1073535000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1078843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1078843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37847.170809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37847.170809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37930.000352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37930.000352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      28187                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    466773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    466773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1147288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1147288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36779.843984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36779.843984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    441391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34779.843984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34779.843984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         704866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             704866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        15674                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            15674                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    663492000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    663492000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       720540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         720540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021753                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021753                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42330.738803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42330.738803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        15674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    632144000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    632144000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021753                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021753                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40330.738803                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40330.738803                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            24                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                24                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5464000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5464000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          102                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           102                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764706                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5308000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5308000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.070733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1835443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 28187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 65.116650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.070733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1896373                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1896373                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          120395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              136789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         120395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             136789                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         84854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         12049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             96903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        84854                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12049                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            96903                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5819399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    814480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6633879000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5819399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    814480000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6633879000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       205249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          233692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       205249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         233692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.413420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.414661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.413420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.414661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68581.316143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67597.310980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68458.964119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68581.316143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67597.310980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68458.964119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10243                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10243                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        84854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        96903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        84854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        96903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5649693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    790382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6440075000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5649693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    790382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6440075000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.413420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.413420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66581.339713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65597.310980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66458.984758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66581.339713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65597.310980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66458.984758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    103008                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         120395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             136789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        84854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            96903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5819399000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    814480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6633879000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       205249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         233692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.413420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.414661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68581.316143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67597.310980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68458.964119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        84854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        96903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5649693000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    790382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6440075000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.413420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66581.339713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65597.310980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66458.984758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16655                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16655                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16655                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16655                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.539778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 243207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               103008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.361050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    80.287302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   187.930818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   242.321659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.156811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.367052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.473284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               353867                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              353867                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               233692                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              233691                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16655                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        73541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       410497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  484038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2886272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13135872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16022144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1026240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            316967000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           142215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28951605000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                33768964000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 189985                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   379384                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              916512084                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13978425                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.033769                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 33768964000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1571414                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13978425                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1340297                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      838541                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           196                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9259703                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         33768964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   33768964                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8996814                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4479024                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1186414                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 745286                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        745286                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1114378                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              583830                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209074                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13446805                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13446805                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26012111                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11139383                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1333442                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2171021                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     837579                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                130418      0.93%      0.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11045017     79.01%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     9158      0.07%     80.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                    114246      0.82%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    9865      0.07%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     4410      0.03%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   139503      1.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   115642      0.83%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  135610      0.97%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   7441      0.05%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               43710      0.31%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               17484      0.13%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              26226      0.19%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               8742      0.06%     84.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1133866      8.11%     92.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  805925      5.77%     98.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              199576      1.43%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              31654      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13978493                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    43                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9019182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9019182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9019182                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9019182                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         240521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             240521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        240521                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            240521                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9520890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   9520890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9520890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   9520890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9259703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9259703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9259703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9259703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39584.443770                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39584.443770                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39584.443770                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39584.443770                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       240521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        240521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       240521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       240521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9039848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9039848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9039848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9039848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37584.443770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37584.443770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37584.443770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37584.443770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     240265                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9019182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9019182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        240521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            240521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9520890000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9520890000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9259703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9259703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39584.443770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39584.443770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       240521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       240521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9039848000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9039848000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37584.443770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37584.443770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.383178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9259703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                240521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.498522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.383178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9500224                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9500224                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              112867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             112867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11541                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       237275                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       237275                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 237275                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      7962112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      7962112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 7962112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           170572000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          603915250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         6354368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          869120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             7223488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      6354368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        6354368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       738624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           738624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            99287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               112867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         11541                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               11541                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          188171837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           25737242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              213909079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     188171837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         188171837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        21872865                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              21872865                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        21872865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         188171837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          25737242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             235781945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      9723.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     99287.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12631.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001353228500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           565                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           565                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               243697                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                9158                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       112867                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       11541                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     112867                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     11541                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     949                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1818                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               5277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               4433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               5180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              14154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             25235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             18135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1079635250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   559590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               3178097750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9646.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28396.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     73414                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     7955                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 112867                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 11541                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   111918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        40240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     193.402783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.339837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    210.216895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         17742     44.09%     44.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12004     29.83%     73.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4760     11.83%     85.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2182      5.42%     91.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1589      3.95%     95.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          305      0.76%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          234      0.58%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          314      0.78%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1110      2.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         40240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      197.957522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      78.674546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     280.054601                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             292     51.68%     51.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           108     19.12%     70.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      1.77%     72.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      1.59%     74.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           10      1.77%     75.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           17      3.01%     78.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           19      3.36%     82.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           15      2.65%     84.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           13      2.30%     87.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           18      3.19%     90.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      1.24%     91.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      1.06%     92.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           10      1.77%     94.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           10      1.77%     96.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            9      1.59%     97.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            3      0.53%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.35%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.18%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      0.53%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.18%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.18%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.18%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.168142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.135211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.062770                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               246     43.54%     43.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 9      1.59%     45.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               281     49.73%     94.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                27      4.78%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 7162752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    60736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   620800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  7223488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                738624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        212.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         18.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     213.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      21.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    33767619000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      271426.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      6354368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       808384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       620800                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 188171837.311917543411                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 23938667.469928897917                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 18383744.316230725497                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        99287                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13580                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        11541                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   2799079750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    379018000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 813724019500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28191.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27910.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  70507236.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             153717060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              81683580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            454311060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            18275220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2665079040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12285116520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2621921280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         18280103760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         541.328534                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6706316000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1127360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  25935288000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             133660800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              71027220                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            344783460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            32358780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2665079040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12592836150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2362788960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         18202534410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         539.031473                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6027248500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1127360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  26614355500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2145937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2145937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2145966                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2145966                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32804                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32804                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1285470000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1285470000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1290934000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1290934000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2178663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2178663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2178770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2178770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39279.777547                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39279.777547                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39352.944763                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39352.944763                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19033                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19033                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1220018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1220018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1225326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1225326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37279.777547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37279.777547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37352.944763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37352.944763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      32548                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1325382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1325382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544078000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    544078000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1340190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1340190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36742.166397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36742.166397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514462000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    514462000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34742.166397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34742.166397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         820555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             820555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        17918                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            17918                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    741392000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    741392000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       838473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         838473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021370                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021370                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41376.939391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41376.939391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    705556000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    705556000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021370                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021370                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39376.939391                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39376.939391                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            29                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                29                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5464000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5464000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728972                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.728972                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5308000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5308000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728972                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728972                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.203299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2178770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 32804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 66.417815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.203299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2211574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2211574                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          141234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           19224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              160458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         141234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          19224                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             160458                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         99287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            112867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        99287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13580                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           112867                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6805383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    917528000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7722911000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6805383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    917528000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7722911000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       240521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          273325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       240521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         273325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.412800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.413974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.412941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.412800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.413974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.412941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68542.538298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67564.653903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68424.880612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68542.538298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67564.653903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68424.880612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11541                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11541                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       112867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       112867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6606809000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    890368000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7497177000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6606809000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    890368000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7497177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.412800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.413974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.412800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.413974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66542.538298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65564.653903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66424.880612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66542.538298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65564.653903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66424.880612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    119922                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         141234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          19224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             160458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        99287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           112867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6805383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    917528000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7722911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       240521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         273325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.412800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.413974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.412941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68542.538298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67564.653903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68424.880612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       112867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6606809000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    890368000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7497177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.412800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.413974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66542.538298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65564.653903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66424.880612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19033                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19033                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19033                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19033                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.748088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 292358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               120434                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.427537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    82.601240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   188.010204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   240.136645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.161331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.367207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.469017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               412792                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              412792                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               273325                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              273325                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19033                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        84641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       481042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  565683                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3317568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     15393344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 18710912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1202605000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            368490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           164020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  33768964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
